my job helpe me teach kids. education is a passion of mine. I have a job helping me teach kids. That is the best way to use your time.
my job helpe me teach kids. education is a passion of mine. I have a job helping me teach kids. Yes, I am a teacher too.  Education is a passion of mine.
my job helpe me teach kids. education is a passion of mine. I have a job helping me teach kids. I admire educators.
my job helpe me teach kids. education is a passion of mine. I have a job helping me teach kids. Education has always been a passion of mine as well, though instead of kids, I teach ESL classes at a night school for immigrating adults.
my job helpe me teach kids. education is a passion of mine. I have a job helping me teach kids. I love helping people learn
my job helpe me teach kids. education is a passion of mine. I have a job helping me teach kids. I admire educators.
i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years. i hate my old job. I love learning different languages and I hate my old job. Maybe I should learn a different language to help me get a new job.  I hate my old job.
i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years. i hate my old job. I love learning different languages and I hate my old job. I want to go back to school and study things that I love to learn about.
i really love learning different languages and habe been studying them for years. i hate my old job. I love learning different languages and I hate my old job. I want to work as a UN translator.
i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !. my vehicle is a dark color. I have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations! I need to be camouflaged o catch them.
i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !. my vehicle is a dark color. I have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations! I once had a pet chameleon and he blended in with my dark colored rug and I almost swept him up in my vaccuum.
i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !. my vehicle is a dark color. I have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations! Giant reptiles fit in the description of my car because my vehicle is a dark color.
i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him. i work with computers. I have a computer. My father built computers.
i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him. i work with computers. I have a computer. My father is smart too.  He taught me how to work with computers.
i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him. i work with computers. I have a computer. My father used to work in software engineering.
i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him. i work with computers. I have a computer. My father introduced me to programming.
i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him. i work with computers. I have a computer. I work at a tech company
i wish i had been able to meet my father because i am smart like him. i work with computers. I have a computer. He was an engineer for some of the early computer systems. I followed in his footsteps because
i like babies. i enjoy making other people laugh. I like to make babies laugh. Babies make me laugh.
i like babies. i enjoy making other people laugh. I like to make babies laugh. Babies are such fun--just playing peek-a-boo can make them laugh, but also I enjoy making other people laugh.
i like babies. i enjoy making other people laugh. I like to make babies laugh. I make babies laugh.
i took flight classes. my house is in a high altitude location. I took flight classes and Im in a high altitude location. i love seeing everything from above
i took flight classes. my house is in a high altitude location. I took flight classes and Im in a high altitude location. I couldnt get into sports because its hard to breath in the higher altitude where I live.
i took flight classes. my house is in a high altitude location. I took flight classes and Im in a high altitude location. I would love to learn to fly. I love heights of any kind.
i studied clothing designs but never used it. i never had a job and i never will. I never had a job and I never will. My major has been useless in getting me a job.
i studied clothing designs but never used it. i never had a job and i never will. I never had a job and I never will. My parents are rich so I stopped trying to learn anything
i studied clothing designs but never used it. i never had a job and i never will. I never had a job and I never will. I studied art history, then married into wealth. Ive never had a job and dont plan to.
i enjoy staring up at the sky. i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet. I like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet. Yes, I often do that while walking my dog.  Its something to do while I like to spend a lot of free time with my pet.
i enjoy staring up at the sky. i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet. I like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet. I like stargazing outside with my pet.
i enjoy staring up at the sky. i like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet. I like to spend a lot of my free time with my pet. I love watching the sky while walking my dog.
i was a pilot a long time ago. i read a lot of young adult fiction. I was a pilot a long time ago. I cant pilot a plane, but I do fly on airlines often for work, which is great because it gives me plenty of time to read a lot of young adult fiction.
i was a pilot a long time ago. i read a lot of young adult fiction. I was a pilot a long time ago. I like reading books while on a plane.
i was a pilot a long time ago. i read a lot of young adult fiction. I was a pilot a long time ago. Ive never been able to work, as Im disabled. I spend a lot of time reading.
i am guilty alot of times. i spend my time eating and watching tv. Im guilty alot of times. I spend my time watching TV. I wish I could better myself but its hard.
i am guilty alot of times. i spend my time eating and watching tv. Im guilty alot of times. I spend my time watching TV. I am guilty a lot of times, no matter how hard I try not to feel that way. Its just that I so often spend my days eating, watching TV and accomplishing nothing—and I feel terrible that Im wasting my life.
i am guilty alot of times. i spend my time eating and watching tv. Im guilty alot of times. I spend my time watching TV. I feel guilty about wasting my time.
my job is on the line in a kitchen. i like bright colored things. I like bright colored things. I work in an art gallery.  I love working with colorful things.
my job is on the line in a kitchen. i like bright colored things. I like bright colored things. I always get distracted by jello.
my job is on the line in a kitchen. i like bright colored things. I like bright colored things. I just bought a new neon kitchenware set. I love the colors!
my sibling likes to write. i used to be very athletic. I like to write. My sibling likes to write too.  I was always into sports though.
my sibling likes to write. i used to be very athletic. I like to write. I write too; ever since my accident.
my sibling likes to write. i used to be very athletic. I like to write. My brother prefers sports.
i work in a library. i had cows as pets growing up. I have a lot of animals. My favorite things to do growing up were milk the cows and go to the library to read about farming.
i work in a library. i had cows as pets growing up. I have a lot of animals. I work in a library now, but I was raised on a farm.  I used to have cows as pets.
i work in a library. i had cows as pets growing up. I have a lot of animals. I used to go to the library all the time as a kid to read up about animals, especially cows, as I had cows as pets growing up.
my dad has strict political beliefs. my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us. My dad has strict political beliefs and doesnt talk to us. My dad was really strict too.  It drove my brother crazy and he ran away and joined a gang.
my dad has strict political beliefs. my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us. My dad has strict political beliefs and doesnt talk to us. I also grew up with parents whose values were so overbearing that it drove my sibling to run away, and hes now in a gang and refusing to talk to us.
my dad has strict political beliefs. my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us. My dad has strict political beliefs and doesnt talk to us. My dad is very conservative and his views really upset my brother, and my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us.
my dad has strict political beliefs. my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us. My dad has strict political beliefs and doesnt talk to us. My family dont get along anymore.
my dad has strict political beliefs. my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us. My dad has strict political beliefs and doesnt talk to us. what about your brother?
my dad has strict political beliefs. my sibling joined a gang and does not talk to us. My dad has strict political beliefs and doesnt talk to us. My dads strong political beliefs led my sibling to join a gang and stop talking to us.
i live with multiple people. i enjoy taking long walks outside. I live with multiple people. Same with me.  Often I need to get away from them, so I enjoy taking long walks outside.
i live with multiple people. i enjoy taking long walks outside. I live with multiple people. I have a lot of roommates too.  We like taking walks outside in the morning.
i live with multiple people. i enjoy taking long walks outside. I live with multiple people. I have to go outside to take a break from my roommates.
heavy rock is my preference in music. i eat at burger king five times a week. I like to go to the burger king. I love listening to heavy rock.  They play that in the Burger King that I eat at every weekday.
heavy rock is my preference in music. i eat at burger king five times a week. I like to go to the burger king. I need fast food when I hear music.
heavy rock is my preference in music. i eat at burger king five times a week. I like to go to the burger king. I love the burgers they sell at the Hard Rock Cafe.
i love those sleek italian cars. i am in good shape. I love the sleek italian cars. I wish I was as sleek as those cars.
i love those sleek italian cars. i am in good shape. I love the sleek italian cars. I got into shape by running and bicycling to work instead of driving in my car.
i love those sleek italian cars. i am in good shape. I love the sleek italian cars. A lot of athletes have that type of car.  Im in pretty good shape myself.
music comes easy to me. i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex. I havent told my family that I am interested in the same sex. Music gives me peace.  Its hard when you havent told your family that you are gay.
music comes easy to me. i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex. I havent told my family that I am interested in the same sex. I was in a band for a while. Its how I met my boyfriend.
music comes easy to me. i have not told my family that i am interested in the same sex. I havent told my family that I am interested in the same sex. There are many gay musicians right now.
i find myself to be fully equipped for a battle of words. my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns. Im a clown. Im a clown. I miss going to the circus because I loved watching the clowns.
i find myself to be fully equipped for a battle of words. my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns. Im a clown. Im a clown. Im not a good speaker.  My dad and poppy worked as clowns because they were the same way.
i find myself to be fully equipped for a battle of words. my dad and poppy had jobs as clowns. Im a clown. Im a clown. Im afraid we are more adroit physically than intellectually in my family.
i go shopping a lot. i have dark mane. I have dark mane. I like to buy clothes so I look like a lion.
i go shopping a lot. i have dark mane. I have dark mane. I love to go shopping.  I got my hair dyed this black color in the salon near the shopping mall.
i go shopping a lot. i have dark mane. I have dark mane. People mistake me at the grocery store because of my beard.
i have puppies. my parents own a star like walmart. I have puppies. I wasnt allowed to have pets, as my parents were weird.
i have puppies. my parents own a star like walmart. I have puppies. My puppies are names after stars.
i have puppies. my parents own a star like walmart. I have puppies. My parents sell puppies at the store they own.
i have prior agriculture experience. i am a mom. I have a lot of experience in agriculture. My parents were farmers.
i have prior agriculture experience. i am a mom. I have a lot of experience in agriculture. I used to work on a farm too.  I am a mom now though.
i have prior agriculture experience. i am a mom. I have a lot of experience in agriculture. I quit my job when I got pregnant.
i like to have a beer. i joined a reading group. I like to have a beer. I like drinking while reading.
i like to have a beer. i joined a reading group. I like to have a beer. I need to drink with smart people though.
i like to have a beer. i joined a reading group. I like to have a beer. I gave up drinking because it was all I did. I needed to make changes.
i have some problems with pronunciation. i used to live in a different country. I have some problems with pronunciation. I used to live in a different country. I have trouble speaking too.  I used to live in another country.
i have some problems with pronunciation. i used to live in a different country. I have some problems with pronunciation. I used to live in a different country. You do have a foreign accent.
i have some problems with pronunciation. i used to live in a different country. I have some problems with pronunciation. I used to live in a different country. I speak the way my people speak.
i like to eat greasy things.  i have a identical sibling , jane. I have a similar sibling, jane. You sound like you have the same taste as my sister.  I have an identical sibling, Jane.
i like to eat greasy things.  i have a identical sibling , jane. I have a similar sibling, jane. My sister usually cooks them
i like to eat greasy things.  i have a identical sibling , jane. I have a similar sibling, jane. I sister loves junk food.
i like to eat greasy things.  i have a identical sibling , jane. I have a similar sibling, jane. I like to eat greasy things, which is the complete opposite of my twin sister. Isnt that weird? Oh, did I fail to mention that I have an identical sibling, Jane?
i like to eat greasy things.  i have a identical sibling , jane. I have a similar sibling, jane. my sister loves greasy food also
i like to eat greasy things.  i have a identical sibling , jane. I have a similar sibling, jane. I also indulge in those types of foods so often that Ive put on a lot of weight, and you wouldnt even suspect that my sibling, Jane, and I are identical twins.
i like to listen to terrible music. i only eat plants. I like to listen to terrible music. I bet your friends bug you about that as much as they do me about my diet.
i like to listen to terrible music. i only eat plants. I like to listen to terrible music. I dont know why but I like to listen to terrible music. Im just quirky that way. I honestly have a lot of weird habits. For instance, I only eat plants.
i like to listen to terrible music. i only eat plants. I like to listen to terrible music. Terrible music isnt good for plants.
i am too hardcore with my living. i could use a trip or a cruise. Im too hardcore with my living. I could use a trip or a I live a wild life too.  I think I could use a trip or cruise.
i am too hardcore with my living. i could use a trip or a cruise. Im too hardcore with my living. I could use a trip or a I think relaxing is a good idea.
i am too hardcore with my living. i could use a trip or a cruise. Im too hardcore with my living. I could use a trip or a I find traveling helps when I get to hardcore with my living.
my favorite hobby is reading novels. i enjoy horror novels. I like to read novels. I like romance novels.
my favorite hobby is reading novels. i enjoy horror novels. I like to read novels. I love to read too! I go through many books a month.
my favorite hobby is reading novels. i enjoy horror novels. I like to read novels. I like to read too.  My favorite are horror novels.
i like to compete at games. i have a lot of pins and rods in my leg. I like to compete at games. I used to like sports a lot, until I got hurt.
i like to compete at games. i have a lot of pins and rods in my leg. I like to compete at games. i cannot since i am handicapped
i like to compete at games. i have a lot of pins and rods in my leg. I like to compete at games. I used to compete in a lot of contact sports, but a major injury left me with a lot of pins and rods in my leg and made it impossible for me to physicall exert myself.
my mother is a pro cleaner. i am a student at the university. I am a student at the university. My mother pays for my tuition so I am a student at the university.
my mother is a pro cleaner. i am a student at the university. I am a student at the university. I am always studying so I dont have time to clean.
my mother is a pro cleaner. i am a student at the university. I am a student at the university. My dad is a janitor at the university where Im a stucent.
my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. i love the sky in the evening. I love the sky in the evening. i love watching the sky from a new place
my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. i love the sky in the evening. I love the sky in the evening. Have  you ever  studied  the  stars ? What  uncharted parts of the world are you looking at ?
my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. i love the sky in the evening. I love the sky in the evening. Yes, I think of going to the stars.  I look up at night and imagine; I love the sky in the evening.
my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. i love the sky in the evening. I love the sky in the evening. I love traveling.  Im a pilot.  I love the sky in the evening.
my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. i love the sky in the evening. I love the sky in the evening. I love the night sky so much that Ive started night hiking into new areas so I can see the outdoors at a different time.
my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. i love the sky in the evening. I love the sky in the evening. I love any kind of travel, as long as I am in nature.
i like books. i am studying biology. I like books. I am studying biology. I read science books.
i like books. i am studying biology. I like books. I am studying biology. I like books too, but some books can be tough to read.  For instance, now I am studying biology.
i like books. i am studying biology. I like books. I am studying biology. I used to read a lot of books when I was a student.
i enjoy swimming. i travel to new places. I like to swim. I like swimming in exotic locales
i enjoy swimming. i travel to new places. I like to swim. Swimming is a great activity.  I swim in waters around the world, as I travel to new places.
i enjoy swimming. i travel to new places. I like to swim. I love going to different water parks
i have a dog with a lot of hair. my mom is deceased. I have a dog with a lot of hair. My mom used to have a hairy dog.  She is dead now.
i have a dog with a lot of hair. my mom is deceased. I have a dog with a lot of hair. My mom used to have a dog like that.
i have a dog with a lot of hair. my mom is deceased. I have a dog with a lot of hair. My mother also has a dog with lots of hair.
i am the parent to a single kid. i cant stand to jog but i push myself. I am the parent to a single kid. I have a kid with whom I run with every morning.
i am the parent to a single kid. i cant stand to jog but i push myself. I am the parent to a single kid. I bond with my only kid by exercising.
i am the parent to a single kid. i cant stand to jog but i push myself. I am the parent to a single kid. I need to be healthy for my kid.
i am the parent to a single kid. i cant stand to jog but i push myself. I am the parent to a single kid. I heard its hard to stay in shape as a single parent because you dont have time to exercise.
i am the parent to a single kid. i cant stand to jog but i push myself. I am the parent to a single kid. Hes still young, so my wife and I take turns getting out of the house. I go running for my workout and to get a break from parenting.
i am the parent to a single kid. i cant stand to jog but i push myself. I am the parent to a single kid. Its hard to keep up with my kid.
i enjoy beer and wine. i am done with my education. I am done with my education. Beer and wine at college was half of the experience.  But now I am done with my education.
i enjoy beer and wine. i am done with my education. I am done with my education. I used to drink beer all the time, when I was in college. But I dont drink as much now that I am done with my education.
i enjoy beer and wine. i am done with my education. I am done with my education. I would like to celebrate with beer and wine because I am finished with my education.
i make blogs. i have a large family with babies. I have a large family with babies. Do you know of any blogs that are on the subject of large families with babies?
i make blogs. i have a large family with babies. I have a large family with babies. I always wanted to blog about my children.
i make blogs. i have a large family with babies. I have a large family with babies. If only I had time to write a blog--I have a large family with babies.
i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same. you can see me in the background in some movies. I have siblings who are same age and look teh same. My sister and I were in a movie once.  You can see me as a background actor.
i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same. you can see me in the background in some movies. I have siblings who are same age and look teh same. we used to walk onto movie sets.
i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same. you can see me in the background in some movies. I have siblings who are same age and look teh same. My siblings and I are actors.
i like different reptiles. i do not like people very much. I like to see different reptiles. I prefer animals over people.
i like different reptiles. i do not like people very much. I like to see different reptiles. Unlike reptiles, human have emotions. Thats I why do not like people very much.
i like different reptiles. i do not like people very much. I like to see different reptiles. Me too; reptiles are warmer, in a sense, than people.
i am my own person. my footwear is navy. I am my own person. I am my own person and I dont care what anyone says. A lot of people ask me why I wear blue all the time and I just tell its because I like it. Everything I have is blue—look, even my footwear is navy.
i am my own person. my footwear is navy. I am my own person. I wear my own style of clothing.
i am my own person. my footwear is navy. I am my own person. I have my own style too.  I like to wear navy shoes.
i love to shove food in my maw. i am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw. They are shutting down the cafe at work.
i love to shove food in my maw. i am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw. I love food to the point that being a foodie is an expensive hobby of mine, so I hope I can continue to afford nice meals while myself and my co-workers are on strike.
i love to shove food in my maw. i am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw. I am joining the picket line at my job and I will have plenty of time to eat all the food I love to eat.
i love to shove food in my maw. i am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw. I often stress eat due to the current poor conditions I have regarding my work life.
i love to shove food in my maw. i am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw. I love to shove food in my maw so I spend a lot of money on restaurants. I have to start cutting back though because I am going on strike at my job and wont be making much.
i love to shove food in my maw. i am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw. Ill be going on a food strike because thats the most effective pressure, to see people starving themselves.
i love living close to the water. people call me a ginger. I love to live close to the water. I dont go near or in the water for long.  Too much sun is bad with my complexion, and with my pale skin and red hair, people call me a ginger.
i love living close to the water. people call me a ginger. I love to live close to the water. my skin is so dark because of the sun
i love living close to the water. people call me a ginger. I love to live close to the water. My family lives close to the water and they call me a ginger.
i do not consume any meat or dairy products. i work with kids. I dont consume any meat or dairy products. I work with kids. I do not consume any meat or dairy products. Im trying to be as healthy as possible because I work with kids and want to be a good influence.
i do not consume any meat or dairy products. i work with kids. I dont consume any meat or dairy products. I work with kids. I have to watch what I eat.  I work with kids and they might have allergies.
i do not consume any meat or dairy products. i work with kids. I dont consume any meat or dairy products. I work with kids. I am raising my children not to eat meat.
i do not consume any meat or dairy products. i work with kids. I dont consume any meat or dairy products. I work with kids. I dont really have any restrictions with diet, but I have seen quite a range of restrictions.
i do not consume any meat or dairy products. i work with kids. I dont consume any meat or dairy products. I work with kids. I teach my morals to young ones.
i do not consume any meat or dairy products. i work with kids. I dont consume any meat or dairy products. I work with kids. I am raising my kids to be vegans.
i spend a lot of time on my looks. my appearance matters when i am out and about. I like to spend time on my looks. I spend a lot of time working on my looks and appearances.
i spend a lot of time on my looks. my appearance matters when i am out and about. I like to spend time on my looks. When I know I’m gonna be out and about I definitely take time to make sure I look good.
i spend a lot of time on my looks. my appearance matters when i am out and about. I like to spend time on my looks. i usually dont care about how i look when im at home.
i have a fair complexion. i am a retired colonel. I have a fair complexion. I am a retired colonel. Your complexion is lovely and I wish I was able to maintain such a complexion in the military.
i have a fair complexion. i am a retired colonel. I have a fair complexion. I am a retired colonel. I have a rough complexion because I used to be in the army.
i have a fair complexion. i am a retired colonel. I have a fair complexion. I am a retired colonel. Luckily I dont, as I spent most of my time outdoors.  This was true especially while I was in the military.
 everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle. i hate throwing out plastic. I like to go to the city in my big midnight colored vehicle. Ive seen people throw plastic out of their vehicles when theyre driving.
 everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle. i hate throwing out plastic. I like to go to the city in my big midnight colored vehicle. I dont have a car because I dont want to waste energy.  I hate wasting plastic too.
 everyday , i get around the city in my big midnight colored vehicle. i hate throwing out plastic. I like to go to the city in my big midnight colored vehicle. Seeing litters in the city makes me upset as I am an environmentalist and I hate throwing out plastic.
i am employed to work with power. i love summer. I am employed to work with power. I have summer break so I can work.
i am employed to work with power. i love summer. I am employed to work with power. I love the summer but we use a lot of power due to the AC running all the time.
i am employed to work with power. i love summer. I am employed to work with power. I also work a part time job in summer with construction crews that put up power lines.
i am a well educated businessman. i have had a boyfriend for 24 months. I have a good job working with my boyfriend. my boyfriend is a business executive
i am a well educated businessman. i have had a boyfriend for 24 months. I have a good job working with my boyfriend. So is my boyfriend.
i am a well educated businessman. i have had a boyfriend for 24 months. I have a good job working with my boyfriend. I studied for a while too.  That is where I met my boyfriend of 24 months.
i am a well educated businessman. i have had a boyfriend for 24 months. I have a good job working with my boyfriend. When I am not at work I like to spend time with my boyfriend.
i am a well educated businessman. i have had a boyfriend for 24 months. I have a good job working with my boyfriend. My boyfriend is also a business, although he never graduated college. He got into business by being an inventor.
i am a well educated businessman. i have had a boyfriend for 24 months. I have a good job working with my boyfriend. I have been a businessman for many years.  I met my boyfriend of 24 months through one of my business dealings.
i work with automobiles. i can watch tv for hours. I work with automobiles and I can watch tv for hours. The automobiles channel is amazing and I can watch tv for hours.
i work with automobiles. i can watch tv for hours. I work with automobiles and I can watch tv for hours. I love watching top gear.
i work with automobiles. i can watch tv for hours. I work with automobiles and I can watch tv for hours. I dont know how to work on cars.  Id rather watch television.
i am the vocalist for an alternative music group. i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them. I am the vocalist for an alternative music group. I do not do illegal substances because I I was a member of a band, until a stint in rehab kept me away.
i am the vocalist for an alternative music group. i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them. I am the vocalist for an alternative music group. I do not do illegal substances because I I have heard that music groups sometimes like to use illegal substances. Personally, I do not use illegal substances because I do no have access to them.
i am the vocalist for an alternative music group. i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them. I am the vocalist for an alternative music group. I do not do illegal substances because I A lot of musicians take drugs.
i try to avoid driving short distances when able. i wear a lot of black. I like to avoid driving short distances when I am able. I would just rather stay home myself.  Ive always been kind of a loner.
i try to avoid driving short distances when able. i wear a lot of black. I like to avoid driving short distances when I am able. Its hard to see at night.  I wear a lot of black and Im sure it would be hard to see me.
i try to avoid driving short distances when able. i wear a lot of black. I like to avoid driving short distances when I am able. When I want to sneak up on people I walk.
i try to avoid driving short distances when able. i wear a lot of black. I like to avoid driving short distances when I am able. Same, I usually try to bike to places like the store or work. I like your shirt by the way! It is a really pretty color, Ive never seen you wear this before.
i try to avoid driving short distances when able. i wear a lot of black. I like to avoid driving short distances when I am able. I like to walk but I get too hot.
i try to avoid driving short distances when able. i wear a lot of black. I like to avoid driving short distances when I am able. I do not bother driving at all since I always walk or ride bike around my city.
my parents had many children. i am a realtor as well as a waitress. I have a lot of children. My mom raised me by herself while working at a restaurant.
my parents had many children. i am a realtor as well as a waitress. I have a lot of children. I was the oldest of 8.  I started working as early and as much as I could to get out of babysitting, and havent the habit.
my parents had many children. i am a realtor as well as a waitress. I have a lot of children. If your parents plan to sell their house once their children have all moved out, Id be happy to help them, as Im also a realtor in addition to waitressing.
i get takeout from barbeque often. i am a serious carnivore. Im a serious carnivore. I love babyback ribs.
i get takeout from barbeque often. i am a serious carnivore. Im a serious carnivore. I love to eat barbeque.  Im a real carnivore.
i get takeout from barbeque often. i am a serious carnivore. Im a serious carnivore. I love barbeque too, but if I ate it as often as I craved it, I would be very overweight, as all of my favorite foods paint me as a serious carnivore.
i do not make a lot of money. spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun. I dont make much money because I spend an hour beating a map in mario I just stay home and play video games
i do not make a lot of money. spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun. I dont make much money because I spend an hour beating a map in mario I dont have a job so I just play videogames.
i do not make a lot of money. spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun. I dont make much money because I spend an hour beating a map in mario I dont make much money either.  I sit at home playing mario.
roll playing is my favorite hobby. i can memorize lines. I like to play with my favorite hobby. I can memorize lines. Yes, I like to role play also.  I am pretty good at it, too, because I can memorize lines.
roll playing is my favorite hobby. i can memorize lines. I like to play with my favorite hobby. I can memorize lines. I like role playing.  Im good at memorizing lines.
roll playing is my favorite hobby. i can memorize lines. I like to play with my favorite hobby. I can memorize lines. I like acting out as roleplaying characters.
i have some problems with pronunciation. i have been known to tickle the ivories. I have some problems with pronunciation. People like when I say weird things.
i have some problems with pronunciation. i have been known to tickle the ivories. I have some problems with pronunciation. I used to have problems with stuttering, and then buried myself in music.
i have some problems with pronunciation. i have been known to tickle the ivories. I have some problems with pronunciation. I have trouble with some words too.  Im really good on the piano though.
i like to grow things. my mom stays upstairs. I like to grow things because I like to grow things. I have never had much a green thumb, nor did my parents.
i like to grow things. my mom stays upstairs. I like to grow things because I like to grow things. I have a garden at home, but my mom never sees it because she stays upstairs
i like to grow things. my mom stays upstairs. I like to grow things because I like to grow things. I have so many plants in the living room that there is no space.
i had a rocky childhood. i love salty snacks in front of a large screen. I love salty snacks in front of a large screen. I spent most of mine at home alone in front of the television.
i had a rocky childhood. i love salty snacks in front of a large screen. I love salty snacks in front of a large screen. My parents let me do what I wanted.
i had a rocky childhood. i love salty snacks in front of a large screen. I love salty snacks in front of a large screen. My childhood was spent mostly watching television.
i am studying a new language in school. my group is going to go overseas. I am studying a new language in school. I just learned a new language, which is good because Im planning on going overseas.
i am studying a new language in school. my group is going to go overseas. I am studying a new language in school. Yes, I am practicing a language too.  I am in a high school French class, and my group is going overseas.
i am studying a new language in school. my group is going to go overseas. I am studying a new language in school. I like going to language exchanges in different countries.
i am looking for a new spouse. i do not like my job. I am looking for a new spouse. I am recently divorced.  I work with my ex and I dont like my job.
i am looking for a new spouse. i do not like my job. I am looking for a new spouse. I need to change my whole life, actually.
i am looking for a new spouse. i do not like my job. I am looking for a new spouse. I dont have a spouse, but sometimes it feels like Im married to my crappy job, so I can relate to the desire to find something new.
i have a couple of pythons. i can not be in dirt. I have a couple of pythons. My brother used to find snakes in our garden, which I stayed out of.
i have a couple of pythons. i can not be in dirt. I have a couple of pythons. I wouldnt be able to raise an animal like that.  I dont like to be in the dirt.
i have a couple of pythons. i can not be in dirt. I have a couple of pythons. I think pythons prefer residing in trees rather than soil.
i have tons of relatives. i like hot weather. I have a lot of relatives. Most of my relatives live in Texas. Its pretty hot there.
i have tons of relatives. i like hot weather. I have a lot of relatives. We all live in Florida.
i have tons of relatives. i like hot weather. I have a lot of relatives. I have tons of relatives all over the country. My favorite ones to visit are the ones who live in Florida because I like hot weather.
 i like activities , but certain ones i like most. i lift weights four times a week. I like to exercise, but I like to lift weights four times a week. I love going to the gym
 i like activities , but certain ones i like most. i lift weights four times a week. I like to exercise, but I like to lift weights four times a week. I spend any free time I have working out.
 i like activities , but certain ones i like most. i lift weights four times a week. I like to exercise, but I like to lift weights four times a week. I like activities, but certain ones I like most of all. Like bodybuilding—I lift weights four times a week because its my favorite.
 i like activities , but certain ones i like most. i lift weights four times a week. I like to exercise, but I like to lift weights four times a week. I really enjoy exercising
 i like activities , but certain ones i like most. i lift weights four times a week. I like to exercise, but I like to lift weights four times a week. Lifting weights is one of my favorite activities.
 i like activities , but certain ones i like most. i lift weights four times a week. I like to exercise, but I like to lift weights four times a week. I like to go to the gym the most.
taste the rainbow !. i do not eat sugar. I dont eat sugar. Ive never even tried Skittles, whose motto is taste the rainbow.
taste the rainbow !. i do not eat sugar. I dont eat sugar. Do you like skittles?
taste the rainbow !. i do not eat sugar. I dont eat sugar. I usually steer clear of Skittles.
i teach animals for my career. i do not really feel like i fit in. I dont really feel like I fit in. I teach animals for my career but I think I made the wrong choice job-wise. To tell you the truth, I dont really like animals so I dont really feel like I fit in.
i teach animals for my career. i do not really feel like i fit in. I dont really feel like I fit in. I never teach people
i teach animals for my career. i do not really feel like i fit in. I dont really feel like I fit in. I work as an animal trainer.  I dont feel like I fit in with people.
i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican. i make a lot of home made videos. I like to make a lot of home made videos. My favorite home made videos to film are ones where Im showing people how to cook my familys traditional mexican food recipes.
i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican. i make a lot of home made videos. I like to make a lot of home made videos. I record myself cooking Mexican cuisine
i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican. i make a lot of home made videos. I like to make a lot of home made videos. Mexican is pretty good, I like to make Mexican food and other food to record my cooking. Taking home videos is a hobby of mine.
i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican. i make a lot of home made videos. I like to make a lot of home made videos. My first home made video was a cooking tutorial on how to prepare traditional mexican dishes.
i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican. i make a lot of home made videos. I like to make a lot of home made videos. I really like all kinds of food but I prefer Mexican and I cook it all the time. My friends like to see how I work in the kitchen so I make a lot of home made videos.
i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican. i make a lot of home made videos. I like to make a lot of home made videos. I like to make cooking videos.
my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander. i am employed at the supermarket. I like to read a novel about a who realizes he is a commander Sometimes I read novels during my lunch breaks at the supermarket.
my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander. i am employed at the supermarket. I like to read a novel about a who realizes he is a commander I could never do a job that tough.
my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander. i am employed at the supermarket. I like to read a novel about a who realizes he is a commander I never have time to read because Im always at work at the supermarket.
my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander. i am employed at the supermarket. I like to read a novel about a who realizes he is a commander That sounds good. I need something good to read during downtime at my job, which is at a supermarket.
my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander. i am employed at the supermarket. I like to read a novel about a who realizes he is a commander My favorite book is about a commander, which is similar to my job at the supermarket because it feels like an arm unit.
my favorite novel is about a who realizes he is a commander. i am employed at the supermarket. I like to read a novel about a who realizes he is a commander I read the synopsis of new books at my work.
i want to sing professionally. sports are fun. I like to sing professionally. I want to get into sports professionally.
i want to sing professionally. sports are fun. I like to sing professionally. I want to play football professionally.
i want to sing professionally. sports are fun. I like to sing professionally. I could never sings, but I love playing sports.
i want to sing professionally. sports are fun. I like to sing professionally. My favorite kind of competitive sports are singing competitions.
i want to sing professionally. sports are fun. I like to sing professionally. I prefer exercising.
i want to sing professionally. sports are fun. I like to sing professionally. I wish I could sing well, but I am good at sports, and sports are fun.
i have a lot of plants in my house. i was in the army. I have a lot of plants in my house. I never had time to tend to plants.  I was always away in the army.
i have a lot of plants in my house. i was in the army. I have a lot of plants in my house. Each plant is named after a military buddy.
i have a lot of plants in my house. i was in the army. I have a lot of plants in my house. I had plants until I was gone too often to care for them.
i have a lot of plants in my house. i was in the army. I have a lot of plants in my house. I learned a lot about gardening and plants during my time abroad in the army.
i have a lot of plants in my house. i was in the army. I have a lot of plants in my house. Luckily when I was deployed my sister watched my plants for me.
i have a lot of plants in my house. i was in the army. I have a lot of plants in my house. I have a lot of plants in my house. I got them to replace a bunch that had died when I was overseas, but I had no choice because I was in the army.
i participate in a sport using a racket and ball. i love my two siblings. I love my siblings. I play tennis with my brother and sister.  I love them very much.
i participate in a sport using a racket and ball. i love my two siblings. I love my siblings. I wish I was skilled in tennis.  I admire Venus and Serena.
i participate in a sport using a racket and ball. i love my two siblings. I love my siblings. my brother used to be a professional badminton player
i am a typical teenager. i met my soulmate in the pool. Im a typical teenager. When I was a teenager, I met my soulmate in the pool.
i am a typical teenager. i met my soulmate in the pool. Im a typical teenager. I am a typical teenager and I love doing all the typical things: shopping, dating, hanging out at the pool. In fact, I met my soulmate in the pool. Isnt he dreamy?
i am a typical teenager. i met my soulmate in the pool. Im a typical teenager. I guess I am too; I like to text, game, swim...In fact, I met my soulmate in the pool.
i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures. i want to live in an imaginary planet. I like to do my homework. I find college lectures boring.
i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures. i want to live in an imaginary planet. I like to do my homework. I draw planets with different environments.
i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures. i want to live in an imaginary planet. I like to do my homework. I like to draw too.  I draw imaginary planets that I want to live on.
i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures. i want to live in an imaginary planet. I like to do my homework. I do, too, and I create the most amazing worlds from my imagination. Makes me want to go live somewhere entirely of my own creation.
i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures. i want to live in an imaginary planet. I like to do my homework. I enjoy science class because I think about other planets.
i doodle when i am sitting in my college lectures. i want to live in an imaginary planet. I like to do my homework. i sometimes draw made up places in my doodles
i take care of animals for my job. in my home we have several canines. I have a lot of dogs. Animals enrich our life. Thats why in my home we have several canines.
i take care of animals for my job. in my home we have several canines. I have a lot of dogs. I was unable to afford veterinary school after high school and had to settle on a different career path, but I still love caring for the dogs weve adopted at our home.
i take care of animals for my job. in my home we have several canines. I have a lot of dogs. I sometimes volunteer as a dog walker.
i take care of animals for my job. in my home we have several canines. I have a lot of dogs. I adopted a few dogs from the shelter I work at.
i take care of animals for my job. in my home we have several canines. I have a lot of dogs. I take care of animals for my job and its a great place to work because I am an animal lover, which is why in my home we have several canines.
i take care of animals for my job. in my home we have several canines. I have a lot of dogs. I adopted the canines from an animal shelter I used to work at.
helping heal people is my profession. my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. My spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. Helping people is good,  My spouse helps people in the hospital.
helping heal people is my profession. my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. My spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. You are similar to my wife.  My spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.
helping heal people is my profession. my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. My spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. i always admired people who help others
helping heal people is my profession. my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. My spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. Oh thats great, what area do you specialize in? Does your spouse also work in medicine?
helping heal people is my profession. my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. My spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. My spouse helps the doctors at the hospital heal people who are sick, and gets great joy from it.
helping heal people is my profession. my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. My spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. I work as a psychologist.
my spouse is a great cook. alecia beth moore is on while i paint. My spouse is great cook. Does your spouse listen to music when they cook?  I do when I paint.
my spouse is a great cook. alecia beth moore is on while i paint. My spouse is great cook. I listen to music like alecia beth moore when I cook too.
my spouse is a great cook. alecia beth moore is on while i paint. My spouse is great cook. I wish mine would try it more often, so I had more time for art.
i lost one of my parents a while ago. i do not like vegetables. I lost one of my parents a while ago. I dont like vegetables. I remember how they made me eat spinach.
i lost one of my parents a while ago. i do not like vegetables. I lost one of my parents a while ago. I dont like vegetables. My mother grows vegetables in her garden.
i lost one of my parents a while ago. i do not like vegetables. I lost one of my parents a while ago. I dont like vegetables. My parents died from poor diets.
i would like to have kids one day. i have to put in my contacts every morning. I would like to have kids one day. I have to put in my contacts every morning. Id like to have kids, but I dont want them to have bad vision.  The only way I can see is with my contacts.
i would like to have kids one day. i have to put in my contacts every morning. I would like to have kids one day. I have to put in my contacts every morning. I need them to help me with everyday things
i would like to have kids one day. i have to put in my contacts every morning. I would like to have kids one day. I have to put in my contacts every morning. Having kids running around the house would probably make it more difficult for me to put in my contacts every morning.
i have a job in a supermarket. my spouse runs a car fixing business. I have a job in a supermarket. I dont work, but my spouse fixes cars for a living.
i have a job in a supermarket. my spouse runs a car fixing business. I have a job in a supermarket. My husband is looking for a new job.
i have a job in a supermarket. my spouse runs a car fixing business. I have a job in a supermarket. That must be interesting.  I am a teacher and my spouse runs a car fixing business.
i enjoy making things artistically. being a determined lady gets me far in life. I love making things. I made a 40 foot sculpture once.
i enjoy making things artistically. being a determined lady gets me far in life. I love making things. I promised myself that I would become a successful artist.
i enjoy making things artistically. being a determined lady gets me far in life. I love making things. I wish I had any talent in that area.  I do well in business, however.
my ride is dark. i look for people with my same interest. Im not sure what to do with my ride. I ride only with friends.
my ride is dark. i look for people with my same interest. Im not sure what to do with my ride. I like painting cars
my ride is dark. i look for people with my same interest. Im not sure what to do with my ride. I like to rebuild cars.
i travel by train.  my dad was a proud soldier , too. I travel by train and my dad was a proud soldier. I love traveling by train.  It reminds me of my dad.
i travel by train.  my dad was a proud soldier , too. I travel by train and my dad was a proud soldier. I travel by train when I go back and forth to my army base. Yeah, did I mention Im a soldier? It kind of runs in our family; my dad was a proud soldier, too.
i travel by train.  my dad was a proud soldier , too. I travel by train and my dad was a proud soldier. My dad used to travel by train when he was a soldier.
i attempt to maintain a healthy diet. i like to drive a lot. I like to drive a lot. I used to take healthy Meals on Wheels around to the seniors in my town.
i attempt to maintain a healthy diet. i like to drive a lot. I like to drive a lot. I eat nuts while I drive.
i attempt to maintain a healthy diet. i like to drive a lot. I like to drive a lot. I like to eat healthy, but Im on the road a lot so I eat a lot of junk.
i enjoy eating to match my work out. i enjoy putting my nose in a book. I like to eat to match my work out. I dont really work out, but I do try to watch what I eat. I have recently been reading a good book, do you enjoy reading?
i enjoy eating to match my work out. i enjoy putting my nose in a book. I like to eat to match my work out. I wish I was as dedicated to my body as I am my mind.
i enjoy eating to match my work out. i enjoy putting my nose in a book. I like to eat to match my work out. i am much more of a booknerd
i have a very strong body. being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun. I have a very strong body and I love being outdoors. i like working out outdoors
i have a very strong body. being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun. I have a very strong body and I love being outdoors. I work out on the beach.
i have a very strong body. being outdoors among the sand and ocean are fun. I have a very strong body and I love being outdoors. I am strong too.  I think it is because I spend a lot of time on the beach.
hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. i devour at least 1 book a week. Im not alone. I devour at least 1 book a week. i prefer reading over singing
hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. i devour at least 1 book a week. Im not alone. I devour at least 1 book a week. Hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears, but Im a sucker for art of any kind really. I love music, paintings, literature. Yeah, Im a voracious reader; I devour at least one book a week.
hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. i devour at least 1 book a week. Im not alone. I devour at least 1 book a week. I like music, but reading is my passion.
hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. i devour at least 1 book a week. Im not alone. I devour at least 1 book a week. I feel the same way while reading a  novel.
hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. i devour at least 1 book a week. Im not alone. I devour at least 1 book a week. Im not much into music.  I like reading though.  I can read one book a week.
hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. i devour at least 1 book a week. Im not alone. I devour at least 1 book a week. I get so into some books that they make me cry.
hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. i devour at least 1 book a week. Im not alone. I devour at least 1 book a week. Other things capture my attention as well.
hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. i devour at least 1 book a week. Im not alone. I devour at least 1 book a week. romance novels have the same effect on me
hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. i devour at least 1 book a week. Im not alone. I devour at least 1 book a week. I like music, but I love reading.
hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. i devour at least 1 book a week. Im not alone. I devour at least 1 book a week. My favorite kinds of books are the ones where the authors really wrote them from their heart.
hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. i devour at least 1 book a week. Im not alone. I devour at least 1 book a week. reading a good books does the same to me
hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. i devour at least 1 book a week. Im not alone. I devour at least 1 book a week. I love listening to music, too, but reading can move me like nothing else. I try to read as much as I can, and devour at least one book a week.
i am an omnivore. i spend a lot of time writing. I am an omnivore. I spend a lot of time writing. Not me, Im vegetarian. I have a food blog about vegetarian cooking. I spend a lot of time writing for it.
i am an omnivore. i spend a lot of time writing. I am an omnivore. I spend a lot of time writing. I enjoy reading about different diets.
i am an omnivore. i spend a lot of time writing. I am an omnivore. I spend a lot of time writing. I am an omnivore and I love experimenting with all kinds of different food. In fact, I am working on a series of cookbooks right now so I spend a lot of time writing.
i am an omnivore. i spend a lot of time writing. I am an omnivore. I spend a lot of time writing. I can afford to eat everything because of my job.
i am an omnivore. i spend a lot of time writing. I am an omnivore. I spend a lot of time writing. I dont really put much thought into what I eat, just whatever I can grab quickly.
i am an omnivore. i spend a lot of time writing. I am an omnivore. I spend a lot of time writing. I like to eat snacks when Im writing.
i like to test my voice while i clean off. i have a masters of business. I like to test my voice while I clean off. I have to check my voice because I give many business presentations.
i like to test my voice while i clean off. i have a masters of business. I like to test my voice while I clean off. I wanted to sing, but I had to go to college.
i like to test my voice while i clean off. i have a masters of business. I like to test my voice while I clean off. I cant sing in tune to save my life, but I could sell an icecube to a snowman.
i work in a hospital. i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year. Im a hospital worker. I envy the stability your career provided, as I rarely get to see my father more than once a year since my job requires me to move frequently.
i work in a hospital. i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year. Im a hospital worker. Hospital work hours are brutal.
i work in a hospital. i had to get used to moving a lot and seeing my dad once a year. Im a hospital worker. I went into nursing but am a traveling nurse. I move around a lot.
i do not consume any meat or dairy products. my religion is catholic. I dont consume any meat or dairy products. Im a catholic. I dont eat any meat or dairy products.  A lot of other Catholics do though.
i do not consume any meat or dairy products. my religion is catholic. I dont consume any meat or dairy products. Im a catholic. I hear many buddhists dont eat meat or dairy.
i do not consume any meat or dairy products. my religion is catholic. I dont consume any meat or dairy products. Im a catholic. Catholicism allows you to eat whatever you want, but Im lactose intolerant and cant have dairy.
i enjoy taking long walks outside. i curate art. I like to take long walks outside. I like walking past the art gallery I own.
i enjoy taking long walks outside. i curate art. I like to take long walks outside. I like to enjoy nature, though I see everything in terms of how it would look in a painting.
i enjoy taking long walks outside. i curate art. I like to take long walks outside. My favorite walks have always been the ones I take through art museums, so I suppose its unsurprising that I ended up curating art as a career.
i am willing to pay for quality. my pet is part of my family. I am willing to pay for quality. I paid $4,000 for my pedigreed cat.
i am willing to pay for quality. my pet is part of my family. I am willing to pay for quality. I will pay for the best quality pet foods.
i am willing to pay for quality. my pet is part of my family. I am willing to pay for quality. I do too, which is why I always get the most expensive pet food. My pet is part of my family.
i am willing to pay for quality. my pet is part of my family. I am willing to pay for quality. I usually pay a lot for pet food.
i am willing to pay for quality. my pet is part of my family. I am willing to pay for quality. I choose quality care only for my pet.
i am willing to pay for quality. my pet is part of my family. I am willing to pay for quality. When my pet got sick, I paid for it
i am having kids soon. i am a father. I am a father. I have yet to raise a child.
i am having kids soon. i am a father. I am a father. I already have kids.  Im a father.
i am having kids soon. i am a father. I am a father. You are going to love having children.
my parents had many children. i am hopeful for marriage. I have a lot of children. I want a big family.
my parents had many children. i am hopeful for marriage. I have a lot of children. Yes, I also want to have many children.  Thats why I am hopeful for marriage.
my parents had many children. i am hopeful for marriage. I have a lot of children. When my mother married my father she had three children from a past marraige  now there is six of us like the Brady Bunch.
i enjoy making people pretty. i like to visit the border. I like to make people pretty. I go to different countries to do hair.
i enjoy making people pretty. i like to visit the border. I like to make people pretty. I have a stylist just over in Mexico.
i enjoy making people pretty. i like to visit the border. I like to make people pretty. Im a traveller.  I like to visit the border.
i really love dogs. i love listening to piano. I love dogs. I love listening to piano. My dogs fall asleep to music.
i really love dogs. i love listening to piano. I love dogs. I love listening to piano. I love dogs too and I also love music.
i really love dogs. i love listening to piano. I love dogs. I love listening to piano. My dog calms down when listening to music.
i can run a long distance within 240 seconds. my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber. I can run a long distance within 240 seconds. My father was chasing the robber on foot when he got shot. He was a professional runner, so he caught up to the robber and the robber panicked.
i can run a long distance within 240 seconds. my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber. I can run a long distance within 240 seconds. I know running is important if you need to commit crimes.
i can run a long distance within 240 seconds. my father was a police officer who died when he was shot by a robber. I can run a long distance within 240 seconds. My father used to run a lot.  He had to keep in shape because he was a police officer, but he was killed because a robber shot him.
i really like to look at paintings and statues. i am in charge of my dad and moms company. I like to look at statues and paintings. My dad and moms company is an art exhibition showing paintings and statues.
i really like to look at paintings and statues. i am in charge of my dad and moms company. I like to look at statues and paintings. I always liked art.  I buy nice pieces from the money that I make managing my parents company.
i really like to look at paintings and statues. i am in charge of my dad and moms company. I like to look at statues and paintings. I used to own an art gallery.
i wish to build a home on the sand. i like meeting new people. I like to meet new people. I would like to live on an island, but I like meeting new people.
i wish to build a home on the sand. i like meeting new people. I like to meet new people. I would like a beach house where I can host many parties.
i wish to build a home on the sand. i like meeting new people. I like to meet new people. I enjoy working with habitats for humanity.
i often wear dark clothing. i love my smartphone. I wear dark clothing. I love my smartphone. It goes well with a white phone.
i often wear dark clothing. i love my smartphone. I wear dark clothing. I love my smartphone. My clothes match my dark phone case.
i often wear dark clothing. i love my smartphone. I wear dark clothing. I love my smartphone. i love looking like a hacker
i do not like to cook. i want to get my own place. I dont like to cook, but I want to get my own place. I prefer cook with privacy so I want to get my own place.
i do not like to cook. i want to get my own place. I dont like to cook, but I want to get my own place. I actually love to cook, but sharing the kitchen with three roommates makes it difficult, so Ive started saving up for my own place.
i do not like to cook. i want to get my own place. I dont like to cook, but I want to get my own place. I dont cook a lot either, but it will be hard when I get my own place.
i enjoy viewing the animals in the wild. i want to adopt a dog someday. I like to see the animals in the wild. I love animals, but Id rather see them closer up.
i enjoy viewing the animals in the wild. i want to adopt a dog someday. I like to see the animals in the wild. I enjoy that too.  I would also like to have an animal of my own, so I want to adopt a dog someday.
i enjoy viewing the animals in the wild. i want to adopt a dog someday. I like to see the animals in the wild. Animals are great.  I want to adopt a dog one day.
i prefer wearing a belt. i use pens to write a lot. I like to wear a belt. A belt can be used to adjust posture because I use pens to write a lot when studying.
i prefer wearing a belt. i use pens to write a lot. I like to wear a belt. I clip pens to my belt. I love pens, and use them a lot to write
i prefer wearing a belt. i use pens to write a lot. I like to wear a belt. A belt makes me look like a writer.
i enjoy games on a court. i dislike tidying up. I like to play games on a court. After we are done there is a mess of equipment.
i enjoy games on a court. i dislike tidying up. I like to play games on a court. i love setting up the games
i enjoy games on a court. i dislike tidying up. I like to play games on a court. I like playing sports too.  I hate to clean up after a game though.
i like to cook with jalapenos. i live in a stand alone. I like to cook with jalapenos. i dont have a big enough kitchen to cook
i like to cook with jalapenos. i live in a stand alone. I like to cook with jalapenos. My old neighbors didnt like it when I cooked jalapenos.
i like to cook with jalapenos. i live in a stand alone. I like to cook with jalapenos. The smell spreads through the whole house.
 i have a family , i love my 3 children. in summer i live at the ballpark. I love my 3 children. i love playing baseball with my son
 i have a family , i love my 3 children. in summer i live at the ballpark. I love my 3 children. I have two kids.  They both play baseball and we are at the ballpark all summer.
 i have a family , i love my 3 children. in summer i live at the ballpark. I love my 3 children. I play baseball with them.
i have multiple puppies. i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol. I have multiple puppies. I love to get drunk on fancy alcohol. I have a lot of dogs, but its hard to take care of them because I get drunk a lot.
i have multiple puppies. i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol. I have multiple puppies. I love to get drunk on fancy alcohol. My dogsitter got drunk last week.
i have multiple puppies. i love to get drunk on fancy alcohol. I have multiple puppies. I love to get drunk on fancy alcohol. That is kind of you. I drink too much to have anything depend on me.
i have a spouse. my sister has lots of kids. I have a spouse and I have a lot of kids. We want a huge family.
i have a spouse. my sister has lots of kids. I have a spouse and I have a lot of kids. We want many children in the future.
i have a spouse. my sister has lots of kids. I have a spouse and I have a lot of kids. Im not married and no kids, but my sister has lots of kids.
i have a spouse. my sister has lots of kids. I have a spouse and I have a lot of kids. Im not married, but my sister is.  She has a lot of kids.
i have a spouse. my sister has lots of kids. I have a spouse and I have a lot of kids. Im not married, but my sister is.
i have a spouse. my sister has lots of kids. I have a spouse and I have a lot of kids. Im not married, but I have two kids.
i am pretty good with a racquet. i like to spend time at restaurants. I like to spend time at restaurants. I never played tennis before.  There is a court behind one of the restaurants that Im at often though.
i am pretty good with a racquet. i like to spend time at restaurants. I like to spend time at restaurants. I am a tennis star so I can afford to eat anything.
i am pretty good with a racquet. i like to spend time at restaurants. I like to spend time at restaurants. Me to, I play tennis at the club. The tennis club has a great restaurant - i love dining out.
i have a spouse and a kid. i work for myself. I have a spouse and a kid. I quit my job for my spouse and children.
i have a spouse and a kid. i work for myself. I have a spouse and a kid. Its hard working while raising kids.
i have a spouse and a kid. i work for myself. I have a spouse and a kid. I see my family a lot because I work for myself and set my own hours.
i love jalapenos. i am really into exercise. I love jalapenos. I love eating but I am worried about my weight.
i love jalapenos. i am really into exercise. I love jalapenos. I love jalapenos so I put them on almost everything I eat. And I love to eat almost everything! But thats okay because I am really into exercise.
i love jalapenos. i am really into exercise. I love jalapenos. Ive improved my diet a lot too, but I miss eating some foods. Especially spicy foods, like fries with jalapenos sauce.
i love jalapenos. i am really into exercise. I love jalapenos. Jalapenos are one thing I eat to keep me healthy.
i love jalapenos. i am really into exercise. I love jalapenos. I am into healthy food like jalapenos and exercise.
i love jalapenos. i am really into exercise. I love jalapenos. I love jalapenos. In fact, I love all kinds of food and I eat a lot which is why I am really into exercise.
i participate in karate as an extracurricular. abby is a wonderful person. I like to participate in karate as an extracurricular. My friend Abby takes a karate class.  Abby is a wonderful person.
i participate in karate as an extracurricular. abby is a wonderful person. I like to participate in karate as an extracurricular. I believe abby practices martial arts as well.
i participate in karate as an extracurricular. abby is a wonderful person. I like to participate in karate as an extracurricular. I met Abby at karate.
i am an expert at making food. the bucks are the best team on earth. I am an expert at making food. I watch every one of the bucks games with a big meal I prepare for the event.
i am an expert at making food. the bucks are the best team on earth. I am an expert at making food. Talk about making food.  They have the best food at the Bucks games.  The Bucks are the best team on earth.
i am an expert at making food. the bucks are the best team on earth. I am an expert at making food. I love to cook.  Im a chef for the Bucks, the best team in the world.
i am an expert at making food. the bucks are the best team on earth. I am an expert at making food. I remember i prepared a luncheon buffet for the Milwaukee Bucks basketball team.
i am an expert at making food. the bucks are the best team on earth. I am an expert at making food. I am preparing food for a football party.
i am an expert at making food. the bucks are the best team on earth. I am an expert at making food. I like to cook when watching the bucks game on tv.
i am an expert at making food. the bucks are the best team on earth. I am an expert at making food. I wonder if there are any NBA players who cook
i am an expert at making food. the bucks are the best team on earth. I am an expert at making food. I am an expert when it comes to making food, especially game food while we watch the bucks, who are the best team on earth.
i am an expert at making food. the bucks are the best team on earth. I am an expert at making food. I like to make snacks for when I watch basketball.
i like to be on the road with the people. i have a ponytail the color of dark honey. I like to be on the road with the people. Im going on a road trip soon and will have to cut my hair shorter because its so hard to manage away from home.
i like to be on the road with the people. i have a ponytail the color of dark honey. I like to be on the road with the people. I like people with interesting hair.
i like to be on the road with the people. i have a ponytail the color of dark honey. I like to be on the road with the people. When there are a lot of people on the road, I am easy to spot because I have a ponytail the color of dark honey.
i like to be on the road with the people. i have a ponytail the color of dark honey. I like to be on the road with the people. We go and show off our looks to different cities.
i like to be on the road with the people. i have a ponytail the color of dark honey. I like to be on the road with the people. I was in the crew of a band, until they decided they would only hire blonds.
i like to be on the road with the people. i have a ponytail the color of dark honey. I like to be on the road with the people. I like meeting interesting looking people.
i like to go to concerts. i do not like working. I like to go to concerts. I do as well, I wish I could go to tonights concert but I have to work.
i like to go to concerts. i do not like working. I like to go to concerts. I dont get to go to concerts much; too busy working.  I do not like working.
i like to go to concerts. i do not like working. I like to go to concerts. Concerts are great.  Id rather go to a concert than work.
i have 12 children. i have bright weave. I have 12 children. My kids dress me up in funny ways.
i have 12 children. i have bright weave. I have 12 children. My son recently got his hair done at a new salon.
i have 12 children. i have bright weave. I have 12 children. I dont have any kids.  If I did, I wouldnt be able to afford my bright weave.
i am accountant. i love growing vegetables. I am accountant. I love growing vegetables. I am an accountant so I find myself constantly reviewing my finances. Recently I realized how much money I was wasting at the grocery store, so I decided to plant my own garden and its worked out great. I like saving money but I love growing vegetables.
i am accountant. i love growing vegetables. I am accountant. I love growing vegetables. I am only a farmer.
i am accountant. i love growing vegetables. I am accountant. I love growing vegetables. I am mainly a homemaker, and gardener.
i am hopeful for marriage. my parents had many children. I am hopeful for marriage. I want children if I ever get married.
i am hopeful for marriage. my parents had many children. I am hopeful for marriage. My parents were married for fifty years.  They had a lot of children.
i am hopeful for marriage. my parents had many children. I am hopeful for marriage. I want a big family like my parents had.
i play around with candies a lot. taste the rainbow !. I like to play around with candies a lot. I prefer to eat candy. My favorite candy is Skittles. I love their slogan: Taste the rainbow.
i play around with candies a lot. taste the rainbow !. I like to play around with candies a lot. I love skittles.
i play around with candies a lot. taste the rainbow !. I like to play around with candies a lot. That sounds like a fun hobby.  My hobby is to play with the candy skittles.
i play around with candies a lot. taste the rainbow !. I like to play around with candies a lot. I love eating candies.  I like to taste the rainbow.
i play around with candies a lot. taste the rainbow !. I like to play around with candies a lot. I like skittles.
i play around with candies a lot. taste the rainbow !. I like to play around with candies a lot. My favorite candies are the fruit ones, like skittles. Taste the rainbow, right?
i have an amazing garden. i have 2 children. I have a garden that I love. I had a garden until my I had children to take care of.
i have an amazing garden. i have 2 children. I have a garden that I love. I have a garden with plenty of space to play around because I have 2 children.
i have an amazing garden. i have 2 children. I have a garden that I love. My children love playing in the garden.
i love to watch gameshows and mysteries. i have done a lot of reading recently. I love to watch gameshows and mysteries. I prefer books over television
i love to watch gameshows and mysteries. i have done a lot of reading recently. I love to watch gameshows and mysteries. I dont watch much television since I prefer other hobbies in my downtime.
i love to watch gameshows and mysteries. i have done a lot of reading recently. I love to watch gameshows and mysteries. I dont currently own a television, but I have a lot of books.
i enjoy camping in the wild. my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line. I like camping in the wild. My mom is a clothing designer and even has a I never went camping,  My mother never did those things because she was a fancy clothing designer.
i enjoy camping in the wild. my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line. I like camping in the wild. My mom is a clothing designer and even has a My mom could help with the camping clothes.  My mom is a clothing designer and even has a line.
i enjoy camping in the wild. my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line. I like camping in the wild. My mom is a clothing designer and even has a I really like clothes made for outdoors
i enjoy camping in the wild. my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line. I like camping in the wild. My mom is a clothing designer and even has a I am the opposite of my mom.
i enjoy camping in the wild. my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line. I like camping in the wild. My mom is a clothing designer and even has a I never got to go camping as a child because my parents were too busy with their careers.
i enjoy camping in the wild. my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line. I like camping in the wild. My mom is a clothing designer and even has a I enjoy outdoors clothes more than the outdoors itself.
i live in the desert. i instruct people how to get fit as a job. I live in the desert and I teach people how to get fit as a job. Not many job opportunities in the desert.
i live in the desert. i instruct people how to get fit as a job. I live in the desert and I teach people how to get fit as a job. I work with people in the wilderness.
i live in the desert. i instruct people how to get fit as a job. I live in the desert and I teach people how to get fit as a job. I got started as an instructor by taking groups of people jogging through the desert, because the heat helps them sweat away the pounds.
i live in the desert. i instruct people how to get fit as a job. I live in the desert and I teach people how to get fit as a job. Thats cool, what kind of work do you do in the desert?
i live in the desert. i instruct people how to get fit as a job. I live in the desert and I teach people how to get fit as a job. I used to live in the desert.  I moved getting a job helping people get a job.
i live in the desert. i instruct people how to get fit as a job. I live in the desert and I teach people how to get fit as a job. I take people out on long desert hikes because the heat helps people sweat away the extra pounds.
i really enjoy doing artistic things. i spend a lot of time using netflix. I love to do artistic things. I spend a lot of time using netflix. I wish I had more motivation to do artistic things. Unfortunately, I spend a lot of time using Netflix.
i really enjoy doing artistic things. i spend a lot of time using netflix. I love to do artistic things. I spend a lot of time using netflix. I dont have an artistic bone in my body, but I can appreciate the creativity of others, which is why I spend a lot of time binging artistic movies on Neftlix.
i really enjoy doing artistic things. i spend a lot of time using netflix. I love to do artistic things. I spend a lot of time using netflix. I like painting while watching television.
 my dad was a proud soldier , too. i am not a vegan. Im not a vegan. I grew up on the cattle ranch that was passed down to my dad.
 my dad was a proud soldier , too. i am not a vegan. Im not a vegan. My dad ate meat on the battle field.
 my dad was a proud soldier , too. i am not a vegan. Im not a vegan. It was hard for my dad because there was no vegan option in the army.
i dye my hair. i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. I dye my hair. I am a wallflower but I am not insecure. Dying my hair gets me all the attention I need.
i dye my hair. i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. I dye my hair. I am a wallflower but I am not insecure. Im trying to talk myself into dying mine an unusual color.
i dye my hair. i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. I dye my hair. I am a wallflower but I am not insecure. I dye mine as well on occasion, but being secure in my status as a wallflower, I only ever make use of unobtrusive natural colors.
i dye my hair. i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. I dye my hair. I am a wallflower but I am not insecure. I have done lots of styling to alter my looks over time -- now I just try and stay consistent with how I feel/resonate internally.
i dye my hair. i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. I dye my hair. I am a wallflower but I am not insecure. I used to dye my hair.  I was really confident about it.
i dye my hair. i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. I dye my hair. I am a wallflower but I am not insecure. I like to try different hairstyles but Im quite confident.
water is not my friend. my grandfather fought in the second world war. Im not a water lover, but Im not a water lover. My grandfather didnt know how to swim either.  He fought in WW2.
water is not my friend. my grandfather fought in the second world war. Im not a water lover, but Im not a water lover. My grandfather was in the seals and did a lot of water based deployments.
water is not my friend. my grandfather fought in the second world war. Im not a water lover, but Im not a water lover. I guess you will not join the navy.
my mom works in a library with books. i want to write for a living. I like to write for a living. I love to read and write.  I want to write for a living.
my mom works in a library with books. i want to write for a living. I like to write for a living. I love libraries because of all the books.
my mom works in a library with books. i want to write for a living. I like to write for a living. i envy people who handle books all day
my mom works in a library with books. i want to write for a living. I like to write for a living. I like reading and writing so books are fine with me quite often.
my mom works in a library with books. i want to write for a living. I like to write for a living. I have always loved reading and writing
my mom works in a library with books. i want to write for a living. I like to write for a living. My mom is a librarian.  She convinced me to become a writer.
i have a lot of kids and pets. frozen treats are amongst my favorites. I have a lot of kids and pets. I feed them anything I want.
i have a lot of kids and pets. frozen treats are amongst my favorites. I have a lot of kids and pets. My kids are great.  We like to eat ice cream together.
i have a lot of kids and pets. frozen treats are amongst my favorites. I have a lot of kids and pets. I give my children popsicles when they behave well.
i have a lot of kids and pets. frozen treats are amongst my favorites. I have a lot of kids and pets. I have a lot of kids and pets and its sometimes hard to keep them eating healthy because frozen treats are among my favorites.
i have a lot of kids and pets. frozen treats are amongst my favorites. I have a lot of kids and pets. I like to make things with my kids.
i have a lot of kids and pets. frozen treats are amongst my favorites. I have a lot of kids and pets. I generally avoid kids and pets too often because it can really put a dent in my low-stress lifestyle and food binging luxuries.
i go to exercise classes. i am employed a traditional number of hours. I have a lot of time to exercise. I teach exercise classes to adults.
i go to exercise classes. i am employed a traditional number of hours. I have a lot of time to exercise. I really value my exercise classes, but its so hard to find one that offers flexibility around my full-time job.
i go to exercise classes. i am employed a traditional number of hours. I have a lot of time to exercise. i work as a freelance fitness trainer
i participate in a sport using a racket and ball. i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland. I am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland. My husband is tennis player and educator.  I am married to a lecturer at the University of Maryland.
i participate in a sport using a racket and ball. i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland. I am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland. I play next to a college.
i participate in a sport using a racket and ball. i am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland. I am married to a lecturer at the university of maryland. On weekends my wife and I go out onto the courts to play racketball.
i enjoying going on the sand. i love books. I love books. I love reading books while sunbathing in the sand.
i enjoying going on the sand. i love books. I love books. I dont so much enjoy going on the sand so much as being on it and reading a good book.  I love books.
i enjoying going on the sand. i love books. I love books. I love going to the beach and reading a good book.
i love my two siblings. my moms pulls teeth at work. I love my siblings. My brother just lost his first tooth.
i love my two siblings. my moms pulls teeth at work. I love my siblings. I love my two siblings because we all have a great time together. Yeah, my mother works very hard to keep us happy and her job at the dental office is not easy; all week long, my mom pulls teeth at work.
i love my two siblings. my moms pulls teeth at work. I love my siblings. Its just me and my mom. She pulls teeth to make money for us.
i work in computer art animation. i am on the lookout for a new partner. I work in computer art animation. I need people to help me animate.
i work in computer art animation. i am on the lookout for a new partner. I work in computer art animation. I need a new partner on this comic book that Im working on.
i work in computer art animation. i am on the lookout for a new partner. I work in computer art animation. I own a business with a partner.
my job takes most of my time. i really need to go to the gym more. Im not going to work. Im going to the gym. I dont even have time to work out.
my job takes most of my time. i really need to go to the gym more. Im not going to work. Im going to the gym. The same with my job, and as you can see, I could use some exercise time.  I really need to go to the gym more.
my job takes most of my time. i really need to go to the gym more. Im not going to work. Im going to the gym. I work at a gym.
i volunteer at an animal shelter. i like to read old books. I like to read old books. There are many books at the shelter.
i volunteer at an animal shelter. i like to read old books. I like to read old books. I volunteer by reading books to children.
i volunteer at an animal shelter. i like to read old books. I like to read old books. I volunteer by reading to children.
my dad has strict political beliefs. i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water. My dad has strict political beliefs. I like going in the ocean to look at fish and other Mine werent into politics, they were more about nature.
my dad has strict political beliefs. i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water. My dad has strict political beliefs. I like going in the ocean to look at fish and other My dad always used to take me swimming at the ocean when I was a boy.
my dad has strict political beliefs. i like going in the ocean to look at fish and other big creatures under the water. My dad has strict political beliefs. I like going in the ocean to look at fish and other I like discussing politics with my dad while fishing.
i love being in the ocean. the secret to my success is that i make money on the side. I love to be in the ocean and I make money on the side. Me too, thats why Im trying to save up enough so that I can spend all day in the ocean. The secret to my success is that I make money on the side.
i love being in the ocean. the secret to my success is that i make money on the side. I love to be in the ocean and I make money on the side. I love being at the beach.  I can go anytime I want because I have a side job that makes me lots of money on the side.
i love being in the ocean. the secret to my success is that i make money on the side. I love to be in the ocean and I make money on the side. I have a beach house that I like to spend any extra time I can find at.
i take alot of calls. seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome. I like to hear a lot of calls. i work at a domestic violence hotline
i take alot of calls. seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome. I like to hear a lot of calls. Im on the phone while watching tv.
i take alot of calls. seeing guys beat each other up on tv is awesome. I like to hear a lot of calls. I dont like taking calls when Im watching tv.  I like to watch people beat each other on tv.
i stay asleep all night. i do not like to talk over the telephone. I dont like to talk over the telephone. I stay asleep all night now that I shut my phone off before I go to bed. Its no loss either; to be honest, I dont like to talk over the telephone.
i stay asleep all night. i do not like to talk over the telephone. I dont like to talk over the telephone. I like talking to friends at night.
i stay asleep all night. i do not like to talk over the telephone. I dont like to talk over the telephone. I hate telephones because talking on the telephone keeps me up all night and I can never get to sleep.
i take my pet on walks daily. i find moa to be interesting. I like to take my pet on walks. We walk past the MOA
i take my pet on walks daily. i find moa to be interesting. I like to take my pet on walks. I have a bird that I actually have to take on walks.
i take my pet on walks daily. i find moa to be interesting. I like to take my pet on walks. I once owned a dog who liked to chase birds.
i take my pet on walks daily. i find moa to be interesting. I like to take my pet on walks. I love walking my dog.  I always run into my friend and we talk about moa.
i take my pet on walks daily. i find moa to be interesting. I like to take my pet on walks. I generally like walking, say, dogs or such through new, unexplored areas as often as I can.
i take my pet on walks daily. i find moa to be interesting. I like to take my pet on walks. I like to go birdwatching with them.
i really like sugary drinks. my father has a job on an oil rig. I like sugary drinks. My dad buys me sugary drinks.
i really like sugary drinks. my father has a job on an oil rig. I like sugary drinks. my job requires me to drink sugary drinks so I can stay awake
i really like sugary drinks. my father has a job on an oil rig. I like sugary drinks. My father used to tell me that drilling for oil on the rig was a lot like poking straws into sugary drinks to drink them up.
i really like sugary drinks. my father has a job on an oil rig. I like sugary drinks. Sugary drinkns help me keep awake at my job.
i really like sugary drinks. my father has a job on an oil rig. I like sugary drinks. My parents could easily afford sweet drinks.
i really like sugary drinks. my father has a job on an oil rig. I like sugary drinks. My father always takes candy and soda with him on the rig to keep himself energized.
i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories. i eat a lot of carbs. I like to read nonsense stories. I saw a story about how bread is healthy.
i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories. i eat a lot of carbs. I like to read nonsense stories. Silly stories are like carbs, filling but nutritionally empty.
i enjoy perceiving nonsense stories. i eat a lot of carbs. I like to read nonsense stories. I listen to a lot of audiobooks while Im training for my marathons.
i have a very strong body. i like historical films. I have a very strong body. I like historical films. My favorite historical film, Spartacus, inspired me to work out and get a strong body like the gladiators in that movie.
i have a very strong body. i like historical films. I have a very strong body. I like historical films. I like watching classic bodybuilding videos.
i have a very strong body. i like historical films. I have a very strong body. I like historical films. Ancient warriors depicted in history all had strong body that I admire so I like historical films.
i have no job. i go walking with my kids outside. I have no job. I go walking with my kids outside. I work as a dog walker.
i have no job. i go walking with my kids outside. I have no job. I go walking with my kids outside. I cant afford to do much.
i have no job. i go walking with my kids outside. I have no job. I go walking with my kids outside. I dont have a job either.  Its nice to be able to go walking with my kids outside.
my siblings are my best friends. i lift weights four times a week. Im a big fan of my siblings. I go to the gym every week with my brother.
my siblings are my best friends. i lift weights four times a week. Im a big fan of my siblings. My siblings are my best friends because we have so much in common. Theyre fitness freaks who love to pump iron and I lift weights four times a week.
my siblings are my best friends. i lift weights four times a week. Im a big fan of my siblings. I have a few best friends.  We work out and lift weights at the gym four times a week.
my siblings are my best friends. i lift weights four times a week. Im a big fan of my siblings. My siblings are my best friends, but they are all lazy and fat. Theyve inspired me to avoid the same fate so I lift weights four times a week.
my siblings are my best friends. i lift weights four times a week. Im a big fan of my siblings. I lift weights with my siblings.
my siblings are my best friends. i lift weights four times a week. Im a big fan of my siblings. Same! My brother and I are gym buddies, we usually lift weights together.
i like catching sharks. i like things that are not complicated. I like to catch sharks. fishing takes my mind off a lot of things
i like catching sharks. i like things that are not complicated. I like to catch sharks. I like catching sharks, which looks hard but its pretty simple: a cage, a spear gun, thats all you need—and thats good because I like things that arent complicated.
i like catching sharks. i like things that are not complicated. I like to catch sharks. I cant imagine trying something that exciting.
i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december. i like to catch animals. I like to catch animals. I go hunting for the Christmas feast.
i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december. i like to catch animals. I like to catch animals. The ornaments look like my favorite animals.
i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december. i like to catch animals. I like to catch animals. Animals sometimes get stuck in our Christmas ornaments in December, so I catch those ones by accident.
i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself. i like playing x box. I like to play x box. I prefer playing video games instead
i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself. i like playing x box. I like to play x box. But I often play x box for so long that I dont have any time to cook food for myself and have to order delivery.
i really do not enjoy preparing food for myself. i like playing x box. I like to play x box. Most of my meals are frozen foods that I heat up in the microwave, so I have more time to play video games. I like playing X Box.
i am finally done with school. i do not eat a lot of carbs. I am finally done with school. I dont eat a lot of carbs I will miss school breakfast.
i am finally done with school. i do not eat a lot of carbs. I am finally done with school. I dont eat a lot of carbs School is stressful.  Im glad Im not under stress.  Im able to stay away from carbs.
i am finally done with school. i do not eat a lot of carbs. I am finally done with school. I dont eat a lot of carbs I used to eat a ton when I was in school, but now that Im working a job I have to watch what I eat.
i like trips to the ocean. i work in a hospital. I like to travel to the ocean. The good thing about the ocean is its an open place to get away from hard work.
i like trips to the ocean. i work in a hospital. I like to travel to the ocean. I can afford to see every ocean.
i like trips to the ocean. i work in a hospital. I like to travel to the ocean. I could sure use a vacation.
i like trips to the ocean. i work in a hospital. I like to travel to the ocean. That sounds like fun.  I need to take off a week from the hospital for a vacation.
i like trips to the ocean. i work in a hospital. I like to travel to the ocean. When Im working with a terminally ill patient at the hospital the staff will sometimes take him on a trip to the ocean to lift their spirits.
i like trips to the ocean. i work in a hospital. I like to travel to the ocean. My job can be stressful, so I look forward to going to the beach to relax.
i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks. i have a kitten with a sci fi name. I have a kitten with a sci fi name. I love sci fi themes so much that when I opened my coffee business, I called it Cyber Coffee and decorated the interiors with science-fiction decor.
i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks. i have a kitten with a sci fi name. I have a kitten with a sci fi name. I used to frequent cat cafes all the time.
i am employed at a business that serves mocha and other caffeinated drinks. i have a kitten with a sci fi name. I have a kitten with a sci fi name. I really like watching the Mandelorian while sitting in a my favorite coffee shop.
i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals. i enjoy art. I like to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals. I actually look at art books when Im exercising because it keeps my focused.
i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals. i enjoy art. I like to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals. I love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals and when I do, I usually visit this lovely outdoor gallery nearby. Its terrific because I can check out the artwork and still exercise, which is perfect because I really enjoy art.
i love to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals. i enjoy art. I like to exercise on a machine with two wheels and foot powered pedals. I prefer more sedentary activities.
i am a woman and enjoy the company of men. i find pleasure in cooking. I am a woman and enjoy the company of men. Maybe we could make a meal together?
i am a woman and enjoy the company of men. i find pleasure in cooking. I am a woman and enjoy the company of men. I do things that make men happy.
i am a woman and enjoy the company of men. i find pleasure in cooking. I am a woman and enjoy the company of men. Being single gives me a lot of time for my hobbies.
i am a woman and enjoy the company of men. i find pleasure in cooking. I am a woman and enjoy the company of men. Since I am a woman that enjoys the company of men, my love for cooking goes along way in attracting them.
i am a woman and enjoy the company of men. i find pleasure in cooking. I am a woman and enjoy the company of men. I like to cook for any boyfriends I have.
i am a woman and enjoy the company of men. i find pleasure in cooking. I am a woman and enjoy the company of men. my last man required me to make him meals every night
i have a lot of children. i am a ninja. I have a lot of children. I only have one kid, how do you take time for yourself with so many kids?
i have a lot of children. i am a ninja. I have a lot of children. I teach kids martial arts.  Im a ninja.
i have a lot of children. i am a ninja. I have a lot of children. My children are enrolled in karate classes.
i will be attending college in california. i like chilling on the web. Im going to college in California. I will be attending college in California to study computer programming and website construction. Its perfect for me because I like chilling on the web more than anything.
i will be attending college in california. i like chilling on the web. Im going to college in California. I used to do nothing in college.
i will be attending college in california. i like chilling on the web. Im going to college in California. I thought about attending a traditional college, but I instead opted to attend an online university since chilling on the web has always been a passion of mine.
i am a cub master at our local den. i sound like the stars. I am a cub master at our local den. I was never in scouts, because I thought it was too dorky, and Im too cool for that.
i am a cub master at our local den. i sound like the stars. I am a cub master at our local den. I sang once for cub scouts.
i am a cub master at our local den. i sound like the stars. I am a cub master at our local den. I love overnight camping trips.
i am a cub master at our local den. i sound like the stars. I am a cub master at our local den. I sing at the local den.
i am a cub master at our local den. i sound like the stars. I am a cub master at our local den. I have no clue what qualifications or anything really a cub master would do or sound like even.
i am a cub master at our local den. i sound like the stars. I am a cub master at our local den. Thats cool! Did you have to do a peer review yet? What did the kids say about you?
sports are fun. i work in construction and repair peoples roofs. I work in construction and repair peoples roofs. I love activities where I am active.
sports are fun. i work in construction and repair peoples roofs. I work in construction and repair peoples roofs. Yes, wouldnt it be great to be able to play sports for a living?
sports are fun. i work in construction and repair peoples roofs. I work in construction and repair peoples roofs. i like being active
i am employed with a tv crew making educational material. outside activities such as hiking are my favorites. Im a tv crew and Im a fan of outdoor activities I enjoy hiking so much that Ive started to make educational films about hiking safety.
i am employed with a tv crew making educational material. outside activities such as hiking are my favorites. Im a tv crew and Im a fan of outdoor activities I have many things I like to do when I get off
i am employed with a tv crew making educational material. outside activities such as hiking are my favorites. Im a tv crew and Im a fan of outdoor activities You should make educational material about the outdoors.
i have a lot of money. i feel at home on the water. I have a lot of money and I feel at home on the water. I would use that money to buy a boat.
i have a lot of money. i feel at home on the water. I have a lot of money and I feel at home on the water. I would live on a yacht if I had all the money in the world.
i have a lot of money. i feel at home on the water. I have a lot of money and I feel at home on the water. I am a great fisherman
i have a lot of money. i feel at home on the water. I have a lot of money and I feel at home on the water. I own my own yacht.
i have a lot of money. i feel at home on the water. I have a lot of money and I feel at home on the water. I was able to buy a home near the ocean after finally saving enough money to move.
i have a lot of money. i feel at home on the water. I have a lot of money and I feel at home on the water. I want to save my money to buy a houseboat.  I love being on the water.
i have adopted two pets. my kids are basically adults. I have adopted two pets. My kids always wanted pets when they were growing up and I never let them, so now that theyre adults living on their own, theyve each bought a pet.
i have adopted two pets. my kids are basically adults. I have adopted two pets. I have adopted two children.
i have adopted two pets. my kids are basically adults. I have adopted two pets. Its nice to have someone in the house for a change.
i enjoy spending time in the water. hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. I like to spend time in the water. I really like swimming for sport, but in my spare time I like to go to the opera. Do you enjoy opera music?
i enjoy spending time in the water. hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. I like to spend time in the water. There is a singer at the water park
i enjoy spending time in the water. hearing people sing from the heart can move me to tears. I like to spend time in the water. I like pool parties with music.  A good song can bring me to tears.
my mom has too many clothes. i only own a single set of footwear. I have to wear a single set of shoes. My mom has too many clothes and shoes and purses and so on—which is weird because Im the exact opposite. In fact, I only own a single set of footwear.
my mom has too many clothes. i only own a single set of footwear. I have to wear a single set of shoes. I own way too many clothes so I try not to buy too many shoes.
my mom has too many clothes. i only own a single set of footwear. I have to wear a single set of shoes. My mother has too many shoes.
my parent is a music shaker. i like art and animals. I like to play music and animals. My parents make music while I draw my pets.
my parent is a music shaker. i like art and animals. I like to play music and animals. Mine paints dogs.
my parent is a music shaker. i like art and animals. I like to play music and animals. My parents like music too.  Im more into art and animals though.
i love my pets. i am a educator. I love my pets. I am a teacher. I work as a dog trainer.
i love my pets. i am a educator. I love my pets. I am a teacher. I have pets in my classroom.  I am a teacher.
i love my pets. i am a educator. I love my pets. I am a teacher. I used to be a pet groomer while I was a student.
i am quarterback for the patriots. i cruise in a rebuilt sports car. Im a quarterback for the patriots. I used to chaffeur professional sports athletes.
i am quarterback for the patriots. i cruise in a rebuilt sports car. Im a quarterback for the patriots. I bought a car from a Patriot.
i am quarterback for the patriots. i cruise in a rebuilt sports car. Im a quarterback for the patriots. I can finally afford all the sports car modifications I want because I won a lot of money playing fantasy football.
farms have cool animals. my parents own there own compnay. My parents own there own compnay. we own a farm
farms have cool animals. my parents own there own compnay. My parents own there own compnay. I used to work on a farm.  My parents owned it.
farms have cool animals. my parents own there own compnay. My parents own there own compnay. I kind of own a farm.
i stay home and take care of the kids. people call me weird names. I have a lot of kids and I have to stay home to take care of them. I feel like an outcast when I stay at home too much
i stay home and take care of the kids. people call me weird names. I have a lot of kids and I have to stay home to take care of them. I live homestead style of life and stay home all the time, but people call me weird names.
i stay home and take care of the kids. people call me weird names. I have a lot of kids and I have to stay home to take care of them. Oh that must be really nice for you! Does anyone say anything about you being a stay at home father?
i enjoy books. i like the ocean. I like to read books. Books are a good way to go places while staying in one spot, but I also like to get out and about.  Particularly, I like the ocean.
i enjoy books. i like the ocean. I like to read books. I like reading outdoors.
i enjoy books. i like the ocean. I like to read books. My favorite thing to do at the ocean is read books.
i study art. i love to receive bouquets. I love to receive bouquets. I studied floral arrangement.
i study art. i love to receive bouquets. I love to receive bouquets. I like anything with art, especially flowers.  I love getting bouquets.
i study art. i love to receive bouquets. I love to receive bouquets. Art is pretty, but the prettiest things I like are the bouquets I like to receive.
i am travelling to italy with a friend. my father has been absent from my lifel. I am travelling to italy with a friend. I traveled to Italy once with my dad.
i am travelling to italy with a friend. my father has been absent from my lifel. I am travelling to italy with a friend. I never travelled much. My father has, but he has been out of my life for a while.
i am travelling to italy with a friend. my father has been absent from my lifel. I am travelling to italy with a friend. My friend is the only one I am close to.
i spend a lot of time watching tv. i love being with freezing water. I love watching TV. I enjoy drinking cups of freezing water when Im relaxing at the end of the day watching television.
i spend a lot of time watching tv. i love being with freezing water. I love watching TV. I watch skiing shows.
i spend a lot of time watching tv. i love being with freezing water. I love watching TV. My furnace stopped working and it was freezing in my house.  I was watching TV with a thick blanket around me on my couch.
my mom was a british ballerina. i will be 26 this spring. Im a ballerina and Im a 26-year-old I took ballet when I was a teenager, but Ill be 26 in the spring.
my mom was a british ballerina. i will be 26 this spring. Im a ballerina and Im a 26-year-old Mom had me at 26.
my mom was a british ballerina. i will be 26 this spring. Im a ballerina and Im a 26-year-old I would love to be a Ballerina.  I suppose its too late to start now; I will be 26 this spring.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. I dont make much money painting, and its damaging my marriage.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. Art has ruined my marriage.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. I dont make a lot of money either.  I paint landscapes and that doesnt make a lot of money.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. I dont know what I want to do either.  Right now Im a landscape painter.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. I would probably be suicidal if it werent for my relaxing hobby, which I adore: I am a painter of landscapes, you see.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. Ive heard artists have a tough time with their spouses.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. My wife thinks I need to get a real job.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing but I still cant give up my art career because I love it too much, so as long as I live, I will say that I am a painter of landscapes.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. I can relate because as a artist I am always starving.
i enjoy watching animated films. i am a student at the university. I like to watch animated films. I can watch movies for free at the university.  I am a student there.
i enjoy watching animated films. i am a student at the university. I like to watch animated films. I enjoy watching animated films. In fact, I love them so much that I decided to major in film production now that Im a student at the university.
i enjoy watching animated films. i am a student at the university. I like to watch animated films. I used to study filmmaking in university.
everyone seems to comment on my height. i like to ride a board. I like to ride a board. Thats too bad, have you ever done water sports? Surfing is fun and have many of boards.
everyone seems to comment on my height. i like to ride a board. I like to ride a board. I am too short to surf.
everyone seems to comment on my height. i like to ride a board. I like to ride a board. I wish I was taller.  It would make it easier to ride my board.
i like fruit. i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !. I like fruit because I have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations Some of the locations re very exotic and have delicious rare fruits in their trees.
i like fruit. i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !. I like fruit because I have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations I take fruit with me when I go hunting giant reptiles.
i like fruit. i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !. I like fruit because I have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations I feed fruit to reptiles.
i like fruit. i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !. I like fruit because I have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations I like fruit so I always make sure to have some with me. It comes in handy when Im out and about for long stretches of time, which happens a lot because I have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations!
i like fruit. i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !. I like fruit because I have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations I feed fruit to reptiles
i like fruit. i have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations !. I like fruit because I have a weird hobby of hunting giant reptiles in remote locations I have an iguana that loves fruit.
i have had a boyfriend for 24 months. i enjoy working with children. I have a boyfriend for 24 months. my boyfriend and i want children in the future
i have had a boyfriend for 24 months. i enjoy working with children. I have a boyfriend for 24 months. I have also been busy for the past 24 months working at a daycare.
i have had a boyfriend for 24 months. i enjoy working with children. I have a boyfriend for 24 months. Ive had one for awhile, but I dont think it will last.  He doesnt like children, while I enjoy working with children.
i enjoy playing xbox. my mom was in the computer technology field. I like to play xbox. Purchasing a Microsoft-developed console seemed like a natural choice given that my mother previously worked in the computer technology field.
i enjoy playing xbox. my mom was in the computer technology field. I like to play xbox. I like coding games for the xbox.
i enjoy playing xbox. my mom was in the computer technology field. I like to play xbox. We always had video games growing up.  My mom worked in computer technology.
i spend a lot of time with my parents. i like to grow plants. I like to grow plants. I try to. My parents are farmers and instilled a love of plant in me. I enjoy gardening and growing plants.
i spend a lot of time with my parents. i like to grow plants. I like to grow plants. My parents are farmers so I like to grow plants.
i spend a lot of time with my parents. i like to grow plants. I like to grow plants. Even though I dont have kids, I feel like a parent myself as I love to grow plants and spend a lot of time every day nurturing them.
i enjoy working at the movies. i named my clydesdale mr ed. I like to work at the movies. I dont have time for movies, because my horses take up all my time.
i enjoy working at the movies. i named my clydesdale mr ed. I like to work at the movies. I like the movies too.  I named my horse after Mr. Ed.
i enjoy working at the movies. i named my clydesdale mr ed. I like to work at the movies. I love movies about horses.
i enjoy staring up at the sky. i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is. I like to watch the sky. I like to wear costumes so you can guess what my favorite I like dressing up as the moon.
i enjoy staring up at the sky. i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is. I like to watch the sky. I like to wear costumes so you can guess what my favorite I like to pretend Im an astronaut in the sky.
i enjoy staring up at the sky. i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is. I like to watch the sky. I like to wear costumes so you can guess what my favorite I stare up in school plays.
i enjoy staring up at the sky. i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is. I like to watch the sky. I like to wear costumes so you can guess what my favorite Do you have any other hobbies? I mean looking at the sky is fun, but is there something else?
i enjoy staring up at the sky. i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is. I like to watch the sky. I like to wear costumes so you can guess what my favorite Astronomy is one of my favorite hobbies, as is dressing up.
i enjoy staring up at the sky. i enjoy wearing costumes so you can guess what my favorite day of the year is. I like to watch the sky. I like to wear costumes so you can guess what my favorite On Halloween I get all dressed up and go outside with friends to trick-or-treat and also just enjoy the nights sky.
i help take care of pets. my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family. I like to take care of my pets. My dog cannot be left alone.
i help take care of pets. my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family. I like to take care of my pets. I have two dogs. They stay home alone when I travel.
i help take care of pets. my canines stay at my residence alone when i travel to see family. I like to take care of my pets. I however, dont need help caring for my pets.
i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday. i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate. I have to stay n bed until at least noon everyday. Interesting, I am a morning person. I like to be up and out by eight, are you dating anyone currently? Does your partner also stay in bed until noon?
i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday. i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate. I have to stay n bed until at least noon everyday. I am in bed looking at dating profiles.
i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday. i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate. I have to stay n bed until at least noon everyday. i cant sleep when im alone in bed
i am often successful at ocean fishing. i like things that are not complicated. I like to fish in the ocean. I dont like ocean fishing.  It seems too complicated.
i am often successful at ocean fishing. i like things that are not complicated. I like to fish in the ocean. Fishing relaxes me.
i am often successful at ocean fishing. i like things that are not complicated. I like to fish in the ocean. Is ocean fishing complicated?  I hope not, as I like things that are not complicated.
i do not eat meat anymore. i do not eat meat nor dairy. I dont eat meat anymore. I dont eat dairy. I am vegan.
i do not eat meat anymore. i do not eat meat nor dairy. I dont eat meat anymore. I dont eat dairy. I went vegetarian myself some time ago, however Im also lactose-intolerant, so Im unintentionally vegan as well.
i do not eat meat anymore. i do not eat meat nor dairy. I dont eat meat anymore. I dont eat dairy. I do not eat meat anymore. I have simplified my entire diet. Actually I do not eat meat nor dairy. Neither are good for you.
i am going to an island soon. i love darker hues. Im going to an island soon. I love darker hues. I love island paintings.
i am going to an island soon. i love darker hues. Im going to an island soon. I love darker hues. You can have my island wardrobe.
i am going to an island soon. i love darker hues. Im going to an island soon. I love darker hues. I wouldnt like islands.  They are too bright for me.
 i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise. i only need to be with my partner. I have a background in my work, and I only need to be with my partner. I hate when other people get raises.  My partner makes me feel better though.
 i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise. i only need to be with my partner. I have a background in my work, and I only need to be with my partner. I quit my job.
 i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise. i only need to be with my partner. I have a background in my work, and I only need to be with my partner. My partner just got a raise at her place of employment, so shell be able to support both of us.
i eat meat. my job entails writing. I eat meat. The smell of smoke meat stimulates my creativity because my job entails writing.
i eat meat. my job entails writing. I eat meat. I write about the meat I eat.
i eat meat. my job entails writing. I eat meat. I like eating a steak when Im writing something for my job.
i eat meat. my job entails writing. I eat meat. I like eating meat when Im writing my assignments for work.
i eat meat. my job entails writing. I eat meat. I used to date a food critic.
i eat meat. my job entails writing. I eat meat. I talk about meat as a food critic
my favorite hobby is reading novels. one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries. I love reading novels. I love visiting other cities and countries. When I get absorbed in a good fiction book, its the exotic locales that most intrigue me, which is probably why international travel has become one of my biggest passions.
my favorite hobby is reading novels. one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries. I love reading novels. I love visiting other cities and countries. I like reading novels.  I imagine that Im in the places they are set in because I want to travel.
my favorite hobby is reading novels. one of my passions is to visit other cities and countries. I love reading novels. I love visiting other cities and countries. I like reading novels that take place in other countries.
my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.  i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown. I have a lot of time to go to the ocean. My mother and father would allow me and my sibling to come during our childhood and weve loved the beach ever since. But only the beach, not the ocean—I refuse to go in the ocean because Im terrified Im going to drown.
my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.  i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown. I have a lot of time to go to the ocean. We used to go to the beach.
my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.  i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown. I have a lot of time to go to the ocean. I used to hang out at my parents beach house when I was a child.
my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.  i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown. I have a lot of time to go to the ocean. Having a beach house would scare me.
my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.  i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown. I have a lot of time to go to the ocean. The only time I went swimming in the ocean was when my parents took me with my brother, and my brother kept me safe in the water.
my mother and father would allow my sibling and i to come during our childhood.  i refuse to go in the ocean , i am afraid that i will drown. I have a lot of time to go to the ocean. my parents live next to the ocean
i am in charge of my dad and moms company. i am going to an island soon. I am in charge of my dad and moms company. I work at a vacation resort.
i am in charge of my dad and moms company. i am going to an island soon. I am in charge of my dad and moms company. The islands a vacation from my job, where Im in charge of a company.
i am in charge of my dad and moms company. i am going to an island soon. I am in charge of my dad and moms company. That must be a lot of responsibility.  Im leaving responsibility behind, and I am going to an island soon.
children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with. i want to get in shape. I want to get in shape. Children in elementary school are so enjoyable to work with. The only problem is they make fun of me for being fat. But the upside is I want to get in shape.
children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with. i want to get in shape. I want to get in shape. I got my first weight set when I was 12 and I am now a professional bodybuilder.
children in elementary shool are an enjoyment to work with. i want to get in shape. I want to get in shape. I work as a PE teacher at an elementary school.
i live in the state by colorado. my spouse works putting out fires. I live in colorado and Im a colorado resident. There are alot of fires in Colorodo right now, and my husband is a firefighter.
i live in the state by colorado. my spouse works putting out fires. I live in colorado and Im a colorado resident. Oh, wow, the western states have really had a problem with wildfires this summer.  My spouse works putting out fires.
i live in the state by colorado. my spouse works putting out fires. I live in colorado and Im a colorado resident. there are a lot of forest fires in colorado
i raise animals. i help take care of pets. I raise animals and I help take care of them. I raise animals at home, which is a perfect complement to my job at the veterinary office where I help take care of pets.
i raise animals. i help take care of pets. I raise animals and I help take care of them. I was born on a farm.  I love caring for pets.
i raise animals. i help take care of pets. I raise animals and I help take care of them. I have a dog that needs dogsitting.
i raise animals. i help take care of pets. I raise animals and I help take care of them. I work at the shelter.
i raise animals. i help take care of pets. I raise animals and I help take care of them. Thats cool, is that your job? What exactly do you do?
i raise animals. i help take care of pets. I raise animals and I help take care of them. I grew up on a farm.  Now I work taking care of animals.
i work in agriculture. i have my bachelors degree. I have a bachelors degree in agriculture. I initially wanted a job in food science, a similar field, but the career in advertising that I fell into means my bachelors degree is all but useless.
i work in agriculture. i have my bachelors degree. I have a bachelors degree in agriculture. I work as a farmer, but I have a bachelors degree in business.
i work in agriculture. i have my bachelors degree. I have a bachelors degree in agriculture. I want to study agriculture in college
i like tv and running outside. i spend time at the pool. I like to watch TV and run outside. When I run outside, it is to get to water.
i like tv and running outside. i spend time at the pool. I like to watch TV and run outside. I love the outdoors.  One of my favorite things to do is swim.
i like tv and running outside. i spend time at the pool. I like to watch TV and run outside. I like outside things too.  Particularly I spend time at the pool.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. Yes, music is a passion of mine.  I get expensive turntables and speakers.  I am will to pay for quality.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I like dancing too.  I pay to go to a really nice dance studio.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. i love high quality djs
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I like listening to music and dancing, too. Thats why I pay for a music streaming service. I am willing to pay for quality.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I love high quality music.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I am not much of a dancer.  My biggest interest is my collection of fine wines.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. Its hard to pirate good quality music.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I hate choppy bootlegged music.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I am not much of a dancer, but I do love a good wine.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I love watching dancers moving to music, but the most expensive ones are always the best.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I love music also and am always on the search for the best.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I subscribe to some good music services.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I like dancing too, do you have any dance shoes or something? Were they expensive?
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I pay for high quality music to move to.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I love when you get a new album with sharp crisp sound.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I enjoy moving to music so I just signed up for some dance instruction. They are very expensive lessons, but I am willing to pay for quality.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I pay for several different streaming services.
i enjoy moving to music. i am willing to pay for quality. I like to move to music. I paid for a cheap music dance class recently and the instructor was terrible. You get what you pay for!
i am addicted to the casino. i regularly clean my plate during a meal. I am addicted to the casino and I regularly clean my plate during a meal. I like the casino too, especially the buffets. Theyre a great deal, especially because I love food and regularly clean my plate during a meal.
i am addicted to the casino. i regularly clean my plate during a meal. I am addicted to the casino and I regularly clean my plate during a meal. I like casino food.
i am addicted to the casino. i regularly clean my plate during a meal. I am addicted to the casino and I regularly clean my plate during a meal. I only go for the buffets.
i am addicted to the casino. i regularly clean my plate during a meal. I am addicted to the casino and I regularly clean my plate during a meal. I eat all the food on my plate at the casino restaurant.
i am addicted to the casino. i regularly clean my plate during a meal. I am addicted to the casino and I regularly clean my plate during a meal. The only time I didnt clean my plate was when I went gambling in Vegas. There were so many lights in the casino that I got distracted.
i am addicted to the casino. i regularly clean my plate during a meal. I am addicted to the casino and I regularly clean my plate during a meal. I like the casino buffets.
i live a comfortable life. my hands are full. I live a comfortable life. I have a good life too, but Im always busy.
i live a comfortable life. my hands are full. I live a comfortable life. I take care of my ten kids with ease.
i live a comfortable life. my hands are full. I live a comfortable life. i like always having things to do
i do not know my real parents. i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection. I dont know my real parents. I tend to be cold hearted when it comes My parents were very loving.
i do not know my real parents. i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection. I dont know my real parents. I tend to be cold hearted when it comes I was adopted too.  It makes me a bit cold hearted.
i do not know my real parents. i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection. I dont know my real parents. I tend to be cold hearted when it comes I grew up without any family.
making cookies is fun. my mom was an educator. My mom was an educator. I like making cookies also and teaching people how to make cookies.
making cookies is fun. my mom was an educator. My mom was an educator. Making cookies is fun. I learned how to do it from my mom. She used to whip up batches of them all the time for the kids in her class. Oh, did I mention that my mom was an educator?
making cookies is fun. my mom was an educator. My mom was an educator. I love teaching my child how to make cookies.
the color of my locks in not natural. i have no siblings. I have no siblings. Since I had no brothers or sisters, my mom had to teach me how to cut and dye my hair when I was growing up.
the color of my locks in not natural. i have no siblings. I have no siblings. My sibling has a different hair color than me.
the color of my locks in not natural. i have no siblings. I have no siblings. I used to try all kinds of weird things with my hair when I was bored as a child.
i have a parent who is from the soviet. i try to be too fit. I have a parent who is from the soviet. All of the Soviet Olympians were very fit and good at their sports. I try to be fit too, but Im not as fit as they were.
i have a parent who is from the soviet. i try to be too fit. I have a parent who is from the soviet. They raised me to always exercise.
i have a parent who is from the soviet. i try to be too fit. I have a parent who is from the soviet. I heard the soviets were very fit.
i do not listen to the opinions of most people. i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there. I dont listen to the opinions of most people. I listen but I can never seem to remember anything.
i do not listen to the opinions of most people. i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there. I dont listen to the opinions of most people. People tell me I never listen to their opinions, but I do listen, I just forget. Im very forgetful.
i do not listen to the opinions of most people. i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there. I dont listen to the opinions of most people. I never liked my peers talking to me at school.
i have children and i am a woman. i love being a mom. I love being a mom. Being a woman with children is a great honor.
i have children and i am a woman. i love being a mom. I love being a mom. I cant imagine what its like being a mother.
i have children and i am a woman. i love being a mom. I love being a mom. Me too, isnt it wonderful.  I love being a mom.
i like the tone of citrus. my job can be described as clerical. I like citrus and I like the tone of citrus. I always put on a scent when going to church
i like the tone of citrus. my job can be described as clerical. I like citrus and I like the tone of citrus. Tone of citrus, that sounds incredibly descriptive, are you a creative for your day job?
i like the tone of citrus. my job can be described as clerical. I like citrus and I like the tone of citrus. You should come to the fruit market I work at.
i like the tone of citrus. my job can be described as clerical. I like citrus and I like the tone of citrus. My cubicle has a citrus tone to it.
i like the tone of citrus. my job can be described as clerical. I like citrus and I like the tone of citrus. The circus is great.  It makes me happy, unlike my dull office job.
i like the tone of citrus. my job can be described as clerical. I like citrus and I like the tone of citrus. I like the smell of citrus too! I also really like amber. Did you ever tell me what it is you do for work?
i work on my days off. i spend a lot of time answering phones. I work on my days off. I spend a lot of time answering phones. People are always getting me to hang out.
i work on my days off. i spend a lot of time answering phones. I work on my days off. I spend a lot of time answering phones. I work a lot too.  I work in a place answering phones.
i work on my days off. i spend a lot of time answering phones. I work on my days off. I spend a lot of time answering phones. I work from home with a call center.
my office is the internet. i love steaks. I love steaks. I couldnt handle being cooped up in an office. I even barbecue all my meals so I can be outdoors.
my office is the internet. i love steaks. I love steaks. I was on the internet the other day.  Did you know you can order steaks online?  I love steaks.
my office is the internet. i love steaks. I love steaks. My office is the kitchen.  I love to cook and eat, and especially I love steaks.
i went out for the government. i know a lot about machinery. I went out for the government. I know a lot about machinery. I know nothing about politics.
i went out for the government. i know a lot about machinery. I went out for the government. I know a lot about machinery. Our factory is funded by the government.
i went out for the government. i know a lot about machinery. I went out for the government. I know a lot about machinery. I work for a private company.  I work with machinery.
i want to be an actress. i studied at school during my childhood. I want to be an actress. I studied acting when I was a child in school.
i want to be an actress. i studied at school during my childhood. I want to be an actress. I studied theater because I also wanted to be an actor, but I couldnt find work.
i want to be an actress. i studied at school during my childhood. I want to be an actress. I have acted since I was young.
i go to the mall to hang out. i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action. I like to go to the mall to hang out. My favorite places to visit are clubs and the mall because theyre both so exciting.
i go to the mall to hang out. i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action. I like to go to the mall to hang out. I go to the mall to hang out and watch the skateboarders. They think Im a little weird, but what can I say? I cant help it if I enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action.
i go to the mall to hang out. i enjoy visiting places that have a lot of action. I like to go to the mall to hang out. I like malls because there are so many people.
i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl. my girl betrayed me with a man who i thought i was friends with. I like to shoot down waterfowl because I think Im a friend of When I was hunting I left my girl at home.
i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl. my girl betrayed me with a man who i thought i was friends with. I like to shoot down waterfowl because I think Im a friend of I dont know about waterfowl, but I know about being shot down.  My girl betrayed me with a man who I thought I was friends with.
i like the time of the year when i can shoot down waterfowl. my girl betrayed me with a man who i thought i was friends with. I like to shoot down waterfowl because I think Im a friend of I used to hunt, but my girlfriend left me for my hunting buddy.
i hate overtime. i excercise my right as a us citizen. I hate overtime. I excercise my right as a us citizen. I fired all of my employees that worked too much.
i hate overtime. i excercise my right as a us citizen. I hate overtime. I excercise my right as a us citizen. They have to pay you if you work overtime in the US.
i hate overtime. i excercise my right as a us citizen. I hate overtime. I excercise my right as a us citizen. I dont like it either, but you have rights to quit.
i like the tone of cash. i would like to be employed. I like to be employed. I would love some cash in my hand.
i like the tone of cash. i would like to be employed. I like to be employed. I wish I heard it more often.
i like the tone of cash. i would like to be employed. I like to be employed. Cash money is a good thing.  I really want to get a job.
i am in great shape. i need to study harder and get better grades. I am in great shape and I need to study harder and get better grades. I dont exercise enough because of my studies.
i am in great shape. i need to study harder and get better grades. I am in great shape and I need to study harder and get better grades. Im not. Ive been concentrating too hard on school to exercise. I have to get good grades.
i am in great shape. i need to study harder and get better grades. I am in great shape and I need to study harder and get better grades. I would love to work out more but I am busy with school.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My friend used to give me home grown tomatoes, but I havent seen him in two years.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My husband is a vegan.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My friend went to go get veggies
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My mother used to give me home grown veggies, but I havent seen her in two years.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My husband is an excellent gardener.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My ex and I loved home grown vegetables.  Unfortunately, thats all we had in common, and I have not seen him in 24 months.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My boyfriend was really into his organic garden.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My son used to grow vegetables.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My brother has a veggie garden, but I havent seen him in two years.
i bite my fingernails. i work in sales. Im a salesman. I bite my fingernails and Im trying so hard to stop because I hate the way it makes my hands look. I cant afford to be self-conscious about my appearance in any way because I work in sales.
i bite my fingernails. i work in sales. Im a salesman. I also bite my fingernails because my work makes me nervous.
i bite my fingernails. i work in sales. Im a salesman. I try keep polish on mine so I wont, as appearances matter too much in my line of work.
i want to help people. i care about others. I want to help people. i would like to work at a homeless shelter
i want to help people. i care about others. I want to help people. Yes, I agree with you.  I want to help people because I care about others.
i want to help people. i care about others. I want to help people. People are all human like myself so I care about others.
i like to work with my hands. i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap. I like to work with my hands. I am a fan of everything from classic rock to I like working with music instead of my hands.  I like all kinds of music.
i like to work with my hands. i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap. I like to work with my hands. I am a fan of everything from classic rock to I love playing the guitar and drums.
i like to work with my hands. i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap. I like to work with my hands. I am a fan of everything from classic rock to I make music with my hands.
i like my job. i knit presents for my friends. I like to knit presents for my friends. I like buying gifts with the money I earn from my job.
i like my job. i knit presents for my friends. I like to knit presents for my friends. I make money by knitting.  I give some of my work to my friends.
i like my job. i knit presents for my friends. I like to knit presents for my friends. I quit my job so I could concentrate on my hobbies, like knitting. I like knitting for my friends.
i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. as a kid i lived in southern united states. I love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. i love souther food myself
i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. as a kid i lived in southern united states. I love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. I always liked eating fish.  I lived on the southern Gulf Coast in the US.
i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. as a kid i lived in southern united states. I love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. Fish is something Im familiar with.  Ate it all the time when as a kid I lived in southern United States.
i have seen many interesting fish. my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. I have seen many interesting fish. some fish live more than a decade
i have seen many interesting fish. my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. I have seen many interesting fish. My mother and father met on a fishing trip.  They are over one hundred!
i have seen many interesting fish. my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. I have seen many interesting fish. Fish provides essential oils for seniors. That is why my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old.
i am trying not to eat meat anymore. i am a serious carnivore. I am a serious carnivore. I am trying not to eat meat anymore because its so unhealthy, but Im not having much luck because at heart I am a serious carnivore.
i am trying not to eat meat anymore. i am a serious carnivore. I am a serious carnivore. I admire you for your dedication, but I couldnt go without it.
i am trying not to eat meat anymore. i am a serious carnivore. I am a serious carnivore. Thats just the opposite of me.  I love meat; I am a serious carnivore.
i am trying not to eat meat anymore. i am a serious carnivore. I am a serious carnivore. Methionine or tryptophan restriction can be great for health.
i am trying not to eat meat anymore. i am a serious carnivore. I am a serious carnivore. I really dont like meat because it unhealthy.  However I grew up a carnivore and its hard to break old habits.
i am trying not to eat meat anymore. i am a serious carnivore. I am a serious carnivore. I am trying not to eat meat anymore for health reasons but its very difficult because I am a serious carnivore.
i have a spouse and children in the us. i like distance from society. I have a spouse and children in the us. My family lives in the woods in Montana.
i have a spouse and children in the us. i like distance from society. I have a spouse and children in the us. My wife and I live in the country with our kids in the US.  We like to stay away from people.
i have a spouse and children in the us. i like distance from society. I have a spouse and children in the us. I have a spouse and children in the US whom I miss very much—but I cant return to America. Everyones so extroverted there and thats just not me; I like distance from society.
i have a spouse and children in the us. i like distance from society. I have a spouse and children in the us. My spouse and kids live in the country in the US.  I dont like to be around other people.
i have a spouse and children in the us. i like distance from society. I have a spouse and children in the us. Id like to start a family someday, but I value my seclusion from society, and I cant find a partner willing to live as reclusively as myself.
i have a spouse and children in the us. i like distance from society. I have a spouse and children in the us. We stay in the country.
i have fresh employment mongering automobiles. my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings. I have a lot of jobs. I have a lot of jobs. I am selling artworks.
i have fresh employment mongering automobiles. my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings. I have a lot of jobs. I have a lot of jobs. The cars I see are different colors like paintings.
i have fresh employment mongering automobiles. my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings. I have a lot of jobs. I have a lot of jobs. I dont drive at all as my hobbies provide my income.
i love my pets. i hail from canada. I love my pets. Im from canada. The most popular pet in Canada is a dog, followed closely by a cat.
i love my pets. i hail from canada. I love my pets. Im from canada. I once dated a girl from Canada that had three cats.
i love my pets. i hail from canada. I love my pets. Im from canada. My pets are from Canada.
i love my pets. i hail from canada. I love my pets. Im from canada. I once raised a moose.
i love my pets. i hail from canada. I love my pets. Im from canada. I love pets too.  I brought my dog with me when I moved from Canada.
i love my pets. i hail from canada. I love my pets. Im from canada. I love my pets. Actually I love all animals: dogs, cats—even moose. Granted, moose might seem strange to you, but I hail from Canada so it makes sense.
my house is by the water. my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings. My business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings. I live near my job.
my house is by the water. my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings. My business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings. I live near the water, but I work across the city.  We do furniture coverings.
my house is by the water. my business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings. My business is a place that does bespoke furniture coverings. I love decorating houses.
reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing. i have a kitten with a sci fi name. I have a kitten with a sci fi name. I am more into sci-fi myself.
reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing. i have a kitten with a sci fi name. I have a kitten with a sci fi name. I watch shows with pets.
reality programs with music and liveliness gets my heart racing. i have a kitten with a sci fi name. I have a kitten with a sci fi name. I am more into science fictions programs.  I have a kitten names Spock, so I guess I have a kitten with a sci fi name.
my clothes are usually dark colors. my vehicle is a dark color. I have a dark color in my car. My clothes are usually dark colors because thats just kind of my style. My homes like that as well and my vehicle is a dark color, too.
my clothes are usually dark colors. my vehicle is a dark color. I have a dark color in my car. I like bright clothes but dark cars.
my clothes are usually dark colors. my vehicle is a dark color. I have a dark color in my car. I tend to stick with darker shades as well.
my clothes are usually dark colors. my vehicle is a dark color. I have a dark color in my car. Its what I chose for everything I buy. Even
my clothes are usually dark colors. my vehicle is a dark color. I have a dark color in my car. I noticed you wear a lot of dark colors, also your home has dark colors, what else do you own that is a darker color?
my clothes are usually dark colors. my vehicle is a dark color. I have a dark color in my car. Dark colors are my favorite colors.
my clothes are usually dark colors. my vehicle is a dark color. I have a dark color in my car. I like a lot of bright colors and patterns, even my car is pink!
my clothes are usually dark colors. my vehicle is a dark color. I have a dark color in my car. Dark colors are my favorite colors
my clothes are usually dark colors. my vehicle is a dark color. I have a dark color in my car. I like dark colors on everything as well.
my dad works on cars. when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished. Im a car mechanic and Im sure Im replenishing items. My dad also owns a store.
my dad works on cars. when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished. Im a car mechanic and Im sure Im replenishing items. My dad works in a store.  He stocks the shelves.
my dad works on cars. when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished. Im a car mechanic and Im sure Im replenishing items. I used to work in an auto shop.
my child is very smart. i work at the zoo. I work at the zoo. My child wants to become a zoologist.
my child is very smart. i work at the zoo. I work at the zoo. Smart children are so much fun.  I really enjoy them when they question me when I work at the zoo.
my child is very smart. i work at the zoo. I work at the zoo. My child is very smart. Hes an animal lover and can name almost every creature in the animal kingdom. Seriously this kid knows more about the subject than I do—and I work at the zoo!
i am an artist. i dress in a suit. I am an artist. My job involves no art however.
i am an artist. i dress in a suit. I am an artist. I love art and fashion.  Im always wearing suits.
i am an artist. i dress in a suit. I am an artist. I am an artist at heart but I had to get a real job because Ive never managed to sell one single painting. I never thought I would see the day but now I work in an office and I dress in a suit.
i enjoy making clothing. i enjoy listening to music. I like to make clothing. I love artsy things.  I love music as well.
i enjoy making clothing. i enjoy listening to music. I like to make clothing. I prefer something passive, like watching television.
i enjoy making clothing. i enjoy listening to music. I like to make clothing. I can see you have talent in fashion. I have no skills in that area.
i exercise often. i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket. I like to exercise and see sea creatures suffocate in my bucket. It gives me almost as big of a rush as animal torture.
i exercise often. i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket. I like to exercise and see sea creatures suffocate in my bucket. I work out by netting fish.
i exercise often. i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket. I like to exercise and see sea creatures suffocate in my bucket. I like to fish for exercise.  I catch sea creatures and watch them suffocate in my bucket.
i love reading scary books. the sky is pretty. I love reading scary books. I prefer lovely things that fill the soul.
i love reading scary books. the sky is pretty. I love reading scary books. I love reading scary books while I sit on my porch as the sun is setting. The sky is so pretty that time of day and it creates a really spooky mood when the sun starts to go down.
i love reading scary books. the sky is pretty. I love reading scary books. Sometimes I have to stop reading and just look up.
 in 12 weeks , i will be a parent. my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings. Im a parent and Im a parent. Well, you can forget about pursuing any hobbies after that.  Do you have any; my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings.
 in 12 weeks , i will be a parent. my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings. Im a parent and Im a parent. As a parent I wont have time do do my favorite things.
 in 12 weeks , i will be a parent. my favorite hobby is creating oil paintings. Im a parent and Im a parent. When I was pregnant, I created a lot of paintings.  Thats still my favorite hobby.
i have a lot of kids and pets.  diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all. I have a lot of kids and pets. My kids all went off to college so I have a lot of free time to work on my cars.
i have a lot of kids and pets.  diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all. I have a lot of kids and pets. I have a lot of kids and pets, which keeps me almost as busy as my job at the garage. So if youre ever having engine trouble, just bring your car in—diesels or gasoline, I can fix them all.
i have a lot of kids and pets.  diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all. I have a lot of kids and pets. My kids help me work on cars.  I can fix diesel or gas engines.
i have a lot of kids and pets.  diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all. I have a lot of kids and pets. I have a lot of kids and pets so I need to work all the time to support them. But Im good at my job as a mechanic—diesels or gasoline, I can fix all of them.
i have a lot of kids and pets.  diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all. I have a lot of kids and pets. I have a rather large family that I support.  I do this by fixing diesel or gasoline engines.
i have a lot of kids and pets.  diesels or gasoline , i can fix them all. I have a lot of kids and pets. I work as a mechanic to support my family.
i love cats and their babies. i am in the arm forces. I love cats and their babies. We adopted a cat while in the army.
i love cats and their babies. i am in the arm forces. I love cats and their babies. I got to go visit a cool zoo overseas.  Im in the armed forces.
i love cats and their babies. i am in the arm forces. I love cats and their babies. I had to give away my pets.
i love cats and their babies. i am in the arm forces. I love cats and their babies. I take my cats with me while I travel the world in the armed forces.
i love cats and their babies. i am in the arm forces. I love cats and their babies. I was so sad when I was deployed and had to leave my cat behind.
i love cats and their babies. i am in the arm forces. I love cats and their babies. My army group once found abandoned kittens in enemy territory and brought them home with us.
i want to write for a living. fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. I like to write for a living. I once wrote a fictional autobiography.
i want to write for a living. fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. I like to write for a living. What are you going to write?  Fictional books an personal writings are genres I enjoy reading.
i want to write for a living. fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. I like to write for a living. I like books.  I really like reading fiction and personal writings.
i want to write for a living. fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. I like to write for a living. I tried writing my own fiction books, but I could never get them sold.
i want to write for a living. fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. I like to write for a living. Writing is my passion.  When I write, I read my own work to be entertained.
i want to write for a living. fictional books and personal writings are genres i enjoy reading. I like to write for a living. I want to write for a living and I derive a lot of inspiration from all the reading I do. Fictional books and personal writings are genres I like to read.
i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid. i have a lot of pins and rods in my leg. I love listening to louis armstrong. One day the music made me dance so hard that I fell.
i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid. i have a lot of pins and rods in my leg. I love listening to louis armstrong. I play the trumpet, and was in marching band until my injury.
i loved listening to louis armstrong as a kid. i have a lot of pins and rods in my leg. I love listening to louis armstrong. I cant be as active as I once was because of the pins and rods, but I still enjoy being indoors listening to music.
i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december. i enjoy using my car. I like to decorate my car with ornaments and garlands. I have a truck for carrying supplies if you need it.
i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december. i enjoy using my car. I like to decorate my car with ornaments and garlands. I mostly enjoy driving around to look at them, but rarely put up my own.
i start putting up ornaments and garlands early in december. i enjoy using my car. I like to decorate my car with ornaments and garlands. I love decorating for december and decorate my car.
i like watching sports. i am not into having salads or even berries. I like watching sports. I am not into having salads or even berries. I try to participate in sports as much as I can for heath, as I eat like crap.
i like watching sports. i am not into having salads or even berries. I like watching sports. I am not into having salads or even berries. You should come to our superbowl party. So many wings and sandwiches. Im not into salads or berries.
i like watching sports. i am not into having salads or even berries. I like watching sports. I am not into having salads or even berries. Im not into sports or anything healthy.
i like watching sports. i am not into having salads or even berries. I like watching sports. I am not into having salads or even berries. I get hungry when watching sports. I dont like eating healthy produce.
i like watching sports. i am not into having salads or even berries. I like watching sports. I am not into having salads or even berries. me too. we watched the soccer game last week over a dinner of salad and fruit.
i like watching sports. i am not into having salads or even berries. I like watching sports. I am not into having salads or even berries. Watching sports makes me want to get in shape.
my parent is a body builder. i prefer to be financially comfortable. My parents are a bodybuilder. You should follow in his footstep.
my parent is a body builder. i prefer to be financially comfortable. My parents are a bodybuilder. My dad did that for a while, but it wasnt good money.  I want something that pays more.
my parent is a body builder. i prefer to be financially comfortable. My parents are a bodybuilder. That job doesnt pay well.
my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line. i love the man who paints landscapes on television. I love the man who paints landscapes on television. I love fashion and any other kind of art.
my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line. i love the man who paints landscapes on television. I love the man who paints landscapes on television. My mom paints by watching others.
my mom is a clothing designer and even has a line. i love the man who paints landscapes on television. I love the man who paints landscapes on television. I love all kinds of art.  I love watching the man paint landscapes on television.
older musical films are the best. i spend a lot of time using my xbox. I like to use my xbox. I dont even need a VCR to watch them.
older musical films are the best. i spend a lot of time using my xbox. I like to use my xbox. I like newer technology.  I like to play my xBox.
older musical films are the best. i spend a lot of time using my xbox. I like to use my xbox. I watch musicals on my game console.
i want to help people. my spouse works putting out fires. I want to help people. My spouse works putting out fires. I admire firefighters.
i want to help people. my spouse works putting out fires. I want to help people. My spouse works putting out fires. I end up messing up.
i want to help people. my spouse works putting out fires. I want to help people. My spouse works putting out fires. I wish I was more altruistic.  Even my spouse has a job helping people.
i want to help people. my spouse works putting out fires. I want to help people. My spouse works putting out fires. I have a big heart.  My spouse does also because they are a firefighter.
i want to help people. my spouse works putting out fires. I want to help people. My spouse works putting out fires. My wife likes to help people too. Shes a firefighter.
i want to help people. my spouse works putting out fires. I want to help people. My spouse works putting out fires. my husband helps people at his job.
i want to help people. my spouse works putting out fires. I want to help people. My spouse works putting out fires. Im a naturally helpful person.  my wife is annoyed by this because she has to end up helping too.
i want to help people. my spouse works putting out fires. I want to help people. My spouse works putting out fires. I think helping people is noble.  My husband is a fire fighter.
i want to help people. my spouse works putting out fires. I want to help people. My spouse works putting out fires. It is a noble thing to want to help people.  I admire people like you and my husband who work at helping people.
my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. i am a swimmer and started as a kid. I love to wear warm and bright tones. I used to have a very bright and colorful swimsuit.
my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. i am a swimmer and started as a kid. I love to wear warm and bright tones. The kind of colors you find on swimwear.  I am a swimmer and started as a kid.
my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. i am a swimmer and started as a kid. I love to wear warm and bright tones. I save my bright color wearing for my bathing suits.
my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. i am a swimmer and started as a kid. I love to wear warm and bright tones. That sounds like the colors I wear on my swimsuit.  Ive been swimming since I was a kid.
my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. i am a swimmer and started as a kid. I love to wear warm and bright tones. I always stand out in the pool because my swimsuit is a bright and warm color.
my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. i am a swimmer and started as a kid. I love to wear warm and bright tones. I just bought a new bright swimsuit.
my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices. i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears. I like to drop off parcels at homes or offices. I like to order my groceries that way.
my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices. i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears. I like to drop off parcels at homes or offices. I am expecting a delivery of chocolates at my door anytime now.
my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices. i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears. I like to drop off parcels at homes or offices. I love when I get parcels.  I order a lot of candies like chocolate bars and gummy bears.
my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices. i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears. I like to drop off parcels at homes or offices. I drive around a lot and that gives me too much time to snack while Im in my car.
my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices. i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears. I like to drop off parcels at homes or offices. My job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices and sometimes the customers leave treats out for me, which is great because I enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears.
my job is to drop off parcels at homes or offices. i enjoy chocolate bars and gummy bears. I like to drop off parcels at homes or offices. While I am driving I like to snack.
i study to be a businessman. i like to celebrate with friends. I like to celebrate with friends. I just graduated from business school and will go out to celebrate.
i study to be a businessman. i like to celebrate with friends. I like to celebrate with friends. When I got my business degree, I partied with my friends.
i study to be a businessman. i like to celebrate with friends. I like to celebrate with friends. I passed my business exam.
i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me. my parents had more than one child. I have a mental health professional but I dont think she gets me. Mine says I suffer from sibling envy.
i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me. my parents had more than one child. I have a mental health professional but I dont think she gets me. When I have problems, I talk to my parents.
i talk to a mental health professional but i do not think she gets me. my parents had more than one child. I have a mental health professional but I dont think she gets me. I had a big family so no attention was paid to me.
i have a lot of pets. i live in a stand alone. I have a lot of pets. Apartment usually prohibit pets so I live in a stand alone.
i have a lot of pets. i live in a stand alone. I have a lot of pets. I have a lot of pets. Im talking a LOT of pets. No, more than a lot—I have too many pets. But I just cant help myself when I see an animal in need. At least Im not bothering anyone else because I live in a stand alone.
i have a lot of pets. i live in a stand alone. I have a lot of pets. I want pets but I live in a small apartment.
i have no job. i love the water. I have no job. I love the water. I dont work either,  I spend my days at the ocean.
i have no job. i love the water. I have no job. I love the water. I stay at the beach all day
i have no job. i love the water. I have no job. I love the water. i want to work as a lifeguard
i hate going to the coast. i break out in a rash when i have dairy. I like to go to the coast because I have dairy. They stuff milk down your throat.
i hate going to the coast. i break out in a rash when i have dairy. I like to go to the coast because I have dairy. I was on the coast one time.  I ate something with cheese there and broke out in a rash.  Thats how I found out I was allergic to dairy.
i hate going to the coast. i break out in a rash when i have dairy. I like to go to the coast because I have dairy. I would love to go just to have the more contemporary choice of food options that always seem to be around.
i hate going to the coast. i break out in a rash when i have dairy. I like to go to the coast because I have dairy. Why do you hate the coast? Would you like to have a glass of milk?
i hate going to the coast. i break out in a rash when i have dairy. I like to go to the coast because I have dairy. I am always tempted by the cheese factories there.
i hate going to the coast. i break out in a rash when i have dairy. I like to go to the coast because I have dairy. I tried out some cheese last time that I went to the coast.  I realized that I was allergic when I broke out into a rash.
i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet. i like to care for pets. I like to care for pets. I also wanted to be a vet when I was a kid because I love animals. I have a dog and a cat, and I like to care for my pets.
i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet. i like to care for pets. I like to care for pets. Vet would be a good profession as I like to care for pets.
i want to go away to college and study to one day be a vet. i like to care for pets. I like to care for pets. If I could afford the tuition, I would do the same, since Ive learned I sincererly enjoy caring for my pets.
i decorate my home with particular things. i enjoy romance. I love to decorate my home with particular things. Books are my only decoration in my room.
i decorate my home with particular things. i enjoy romance. I love to decorate my home with particular things. I like to impress my girlfriend
i decorate my home with particular things. i enjoy romance. I love to decorate my home with particular things. A good decoration can create atmosphere and I enjoy romance.
i work at a salon. i hate throwing out plastic. I work at a salon and I hate throwing out plastic. I work at a green salon.  I dont like wasting plastic.
i work at a salon. i hate throwing out plastic. I work at a salon and I hate throwing out plastic. I couldnt handle all of the chemicals used there, though I tend to be fanatical about that, according to some.
i work at a salon. i hate throwing out plastic. I work at a salon and I hate throwing out plastic. The salon I go to is always throwing out their plastic products and it annoys me.
i like veggies. i only have a single kid. I like veggies. I have a single kid. I never ate veggies when I was a kid.  Im glad that I only have one kid to fight with.
i like veggies. i only have a single kid. I like veggies. I have a single kid. I am raising my children to be vegetarians.
i like veggies. i only have a single kid. I like veggies. I have a single kid. Well, Im glad someone does.  I cant get my child to eat vegetables, but at least I only have a single kid.
i like veggies. i only have a single kid. I like veggies. I have a single kid. Kids hating their veggies is the stereotype, right?
i like veggies. i only have a single kid. I like veggies. I have a single kid. My kid does not like veggies.
i like veggies. i only have a single kid. I like veggies. I have a single kid. I love vegetables because they are good for me.  I want to stay healthy because Im the only family my child has.
my cellular device is my life line. my mom was a rn. My mom was a rn. Me too, it really came in handy when my dad was in the hospital.
my cellular device is my life line. my mom was a rn. My mom was a rn. I love my cell phone.  I call my mother every day.  She used to be a nurse.
my cellular device is my life line. my mom was a rn. My mom was a rn. I use my phone to call my mom.
i do not like to change my style. i can not spell to save my life. I dont like to change my style. I cant spell to save my life I am great at putting together a trendy outfit, but I wasnt good in school.
i do not like to change my style. i can not spell to save my life. I dont like to change my style. I cant spell to save my life All my shirts have slogans on them.
i do not like to change my style. i can not spell to save my life. I dont like to change my style. I cant spell to save my life My style has bad grammar.
i like to spend time with my kids. killing for sport is my hobby. I like to spend time with my kids. My kids like to hunt with me.
i like to spend time with my kids. killing for sport is my hobby. I like to spend time with my kids. The way I spend my time doesnt really contribute to a kid-friendly environment.
i like to spend time with my kids. killing for sport is my hobby. I like to spend time with my kids. I take them with me when I hunt
i work in the kids section at the local library. i have to put in my contacts every morning. I have to put in my contacts every morning. Working at the library can be very hard on the eyes.
i work in the kids section at the local library. i have to put in my contacts every morning. I have to put in my contacts every morning. I like to read too.  I have to make sure that my contacts are in.
i work in the kids section at the local library. i have to put in my contacts every morning. I have to put in my contacts every morning. I love libraries. I like to read but I have bad eyesight. I have to wear contacts daily.
i work in the kids section at the local library. i have to put in my contacts every morning. I have to put in my contacts every morning. I cannot see the books without help.
i work in the kids section at the local library. i have to put in my contacts every morning. I have to put in my contacts every morning. I love to get books from the library.  Its hard to read them without my contacts though.
i work in the kids section at the local library. i have to put in my contacts every morning. I have to put in my contacts every morning. I read books to children at the local library, and without my contacts I cant see the words clearly.
i like to eat beef. i enjoy music. I like to eat beef. My interests dont really revolve around food.
i like to eat beef. i enjoy music. I like to eat beef. I like listening to music while I eat.
i like to eat beef. i enjoy music. I like to eat beef. I listen to the background songs at McDonalds.
i like to spend time in the kitchen. my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school. I like to spend time in the kitchen. I spend a lot of time in the bathroom.  My friends say I spend too much time putting on makeup before school.
i like to spend time in the kitchen. my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school. I like to spend time in the kitchen. The kitchen is where I put on my makeup.
i like to spend time in the kitchen. my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school. I like to spend time in the kitchen. I do makeup in the kitchen.
i am in an army family. bugs without 8 legs are fine. Im in an army family. Ive heard from soldiers returning from deployments in Iraq there are a lot of strange bugs over there.
i am in an army family. bugs without 8 legs are fine. Im in an army family. I am in an army family and were all tough as nails. The only things that scares me are bugs. Well, not all bugs, just spiders really. But bugs without eight legs are fine.
i am in an army family. bugs without 8 legs are fine. Im in an army family. I grew up near a base in Florida. I left because of all the spiders.
i am in an army family. bugs without 8 legs are fine. Im in an army family. Our family always squashes bugs without hesitation.
i am in an army family. bugs without 8 legs are fine. Im in an army family. Youve probably seen some ghastly things. I could never handle it, I cant even handle bugs mostly.
i am in an army family. bugs without 8 legs are fine. Im in an army family. When I am home, I like to clean the bugs out of the garage.
my job requires me to be there three days a week. i love to watch gameshows and mysteries. I love to watch gameshows and mysteries. I work at a TV station
my job requires me to be there three days a week. i love to watch gameshows and mysteries. I love to watch gameshows and mysteries. My job requires me to be there three days a week only, which is great because I love to watch gameshows and mysteries so I spend the rest of the time doing that.
my job requires me to be there three days a week. i love to watch gameshows and mysteries. I love to watch gameshows and mysteries. I have a part time job too.  Its slow and I can watch game shows when I am on the clock.
my family used to live in sydney. i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30. I was a young man and I was a writer. I moved so I could pursue my dreams.
my family used to live in sydney. i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30. I was a young man and I was a writer. My dad wrote about Sydney in his travel diary.
my family used to live in sydney. i followed in my the footsteps of my dad and wrote my first novel at 30. I was a young man and I was a writer. My dad wrote a novel about Sydney.
i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday. i need to compete with other girls. I like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday. I need daily routine to make improvement as I need to compete with other girls.
i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday. i need to compete with other girls. I like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday. I am more about being the best, whatever the activity is.
i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday. i need to compete with other girls. I like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday. I always put on makeup at the same time.
my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango. i have a sensible car. I like to do salsa and tango. I blast salsa music from my car.
my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango. i have a sensible car. I like to do salsa and tango. I drive far to salsa meet ups.
my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango. i have a sensible car. I like to do salsa and tango. I dont like dancing, but I play a lot of music in my little car.
my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line. i educated tweens and teens. I like to wear jeans in the dk line. I love fashion.  All the kids in my classes talk about fashion with me.
my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line. i educated tweens and teens. I like to wear jeans in the dk line. I try to convince people fashion isnt that important. I saw too much bullying because of it.
my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line. i educated tweens and teens. I like to wear jeans in the dk line. At school, kids pick on my clothes.
my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line. i educated tweens and teens. I like to wear jeans in the dk line. I like to think of myself as a hip teacher.
my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line. i educated tweens and teens. I like to wear jeans in the dk line. I love the DK Line jeans.  The tweens and teens told me about this while I was teaching them.
my preferred style of jeans is from the dk line. i educated tweens and teens. I like to wear jeans in the dk line. I do not care much about branding but more about what the brand means overall as per my life choices.
i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. i follow nick. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes. I think Nick owns such a business.
i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. i follow nick. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes. I like watching Nick at Night while cleaning my room.
i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. i follow nick. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes. Nick has been in the business for years.
i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. i follow nick. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes, which I started with my friend Nick who I met when I started to follow Nick online.
i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. i follow nick. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes. Nick is the owner of the cleaning business and hes in charge of my employment, so I do what he says.
i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. i follow nick. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes. I own a cleaning business.  However Nick has more experience so he tells me what to do.
i rent a place together with my sibling. i help homeless animals. Im a homeless animal. It is pity to see animals without a place to live so I help homeless animals.
i rent a place together with my sibling. i help homeless animals. Im a homeless animal. I have my own place with my dog.
i rent a place together with my sibling. i help homeless animals. Im a homeless animal. Do you and your sibling like pets? If you ever want to adopt one you should contact me because I help homeless animals.
i enjoy reading things that have long story lins. i enjoying chatting with people i know. I like to read things that have long story lins. Ive never been much of a reader, as Im more of a people person.
i enjoy reading things that have long story lins. i enjoying chatting with people i know. I like to read things that have long story lins. I like telling people stories.
i enjoy reading things that have long story lins. i enjoying chatting with people i know. I like to read things that have long story lins. Sounds like you like settling down for a long reading session.  I get restless reading and rather I enjoy chatting with people I know.
my dad drove a truck. i have a ton of energy. My dad drove a truck. I can relate.  Working hard is also in my genes.
my dad drove a truck. i have a ton of energy. My dad drove a truck. My dad had a truck but I wore it out because I had a lot of energy.
my dad drove a truck. i have a ton of energy. My dad drove a truck. I can sleep in my truck whenever needed. That is why I have a ton of energy.
my mom and dad live up north by hollywood. my radio is usually tuned into a country station. My radio is usually tuned into a country station. I listen to music when I go visit them.
my mom and dad live up north by hollywood. my radio is usually tuned into a country station. My radio is usually tuned into a country station. Though I grew up in hollywood, I am more of a country person and my radio is usually tuned into a country station.
my mom and dad live up north by hollywood. my radio is usually tuned into a country station. My radio is usually tuned into a country station. My parents live out in the desert. The only radio station I can pick up out there is country. I just keep it tuned to the station these days.
i enjoy making other people laugh. my employment is manufacturing goods. I like to make people laugh. I work in manufacturing. I appreciate a good laugh, especially when Im bored at work.
i enjoy making other people laugh. my employment is manufacturing goods. I like to make people laugh. I work in manufacturing. I tell a lot of jokes at work.  I work in a factory.
i enjoy making other people laugh. my employment is manufacturing goods. I like to make people laugh. I work in manufacturing. I want to work as a comedian someday.
i am a meat an potatoes kind of person. i enjoy alcohol to unwind. I like to drink alcohol. I need something naughty to wash it down.
i am a meat an potatoes kind of person. i enjoy alcohol to unwind. I like to drink alcohol. Ive given up meat, but will never give up alcohol.
i am a meat an potatoes kind of person. i enjoy alcohol to unwind. I like to drink alcohol. I always have a beer with my steak.
my schooling is close to being completed. i am the one who supports my parents. I am the one who supports my parents. Hopefully, my parents can support me while I am in college.
my schooling is close to being completed. i am the one who supports my parents. I am the one who supports my parents. My schooling is close to being completed, which is good because I need to land a high paying job ASAP since I am the one who supports my parents.
my schooling is close to being completed. i am the one who supports my parents. I am the one who supports my parents. Unfortunately, I have had to drop out of school and get a job.  I am the one supports my parents.
my schooling is close to being completed. i am the one who supports my parents. I am the one who supports my parents. I have to work to support myself and my family.
my schooling is close to being completed. i am the one who supports my parents. I am the one who supports my parents. I wasnt able to finish school.  I had to go to work to support my parents.
my schooling is close to being completed. i am the one who supports my parents. I am the one who supports my parents. I want to get a job to help my family.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. dogs are good companions for when you are young
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I had a lot of different kinds of dogs growing up as well.  Sometimes they got me into trouble though.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I sick my dogs on people.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I never took good care of my dogs.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I always wanted to own a dog as a kid, but my parents refused to buy me one because I was constantly getting into trouble when I was growing up.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I had a pet canine as a boy and we would always run off and cause trouble for the neighborhood.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I really want to adopt a dog, but my mom says that I am too young and irresponsible.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I was never allowed to have a pet when I was little.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. Dogs kind of saved me from myself when I was younger.
i am lactose intolerant. i am a fantastic person in the kitchen. I am a lactose intolerant person. If you ever want help with developing lactose-free recipes, I happen to be fantastic in the kitchen.
i am lactose intolerant. i am a fantastic person in the kitchen. I am a lactose intolerant person. I can cook without using any dairy products.
i am lactose intolerant. i am a fantastic person in the kitchen. I am a lactose intolerant person. I dont put milk in any dishes.
i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican. i watch performing arts. I like to watch music. I just went to a production about the Day of the Dead.
i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican. i watch performing arts. I like to watch music. I like everything Mexican, especially salsa dancing.
i really like all kinds of food but i prefer mexican. i watch performing arts. I like to watch music. The performing Arts Center serves Mexican cuisine.
i really enjoy doing artistic things. i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap. I love to do artistic things. I love to do music. I like writing music.
i really enjoy doing artistic things. i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap. I love to do artistic things. I love to do music. I make songs in my spare time.
i really enjoy doing artistic things. i am fan of everything from classic rock to rap. I love to do artistic things. I love to do music. I also like artistic things, especially music and singing. I like to sing all genres of music, and I am a fan of everything from classic rock to rap.
my mom is an artist. i would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day. I like to play guitar because I am a musician. Thats wonderful, to be paid to be creative.  My job is boring; I would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day.
my mom is an artist. i would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day. I like to play guitar because I am a musician. You can make lots of money as an agent in the art industry.
my mom is an artist. i would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day. I like to play guitar because I am a musician. Thats great if she can make a living at it.
my husband and i have 4 daughters and 1 son. i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre. I have a son and a daughter. I cant listen to heavy metal when the children are around.
my husband and i have 4 daughters and 1 son. i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre. I have a son and a daughter. We moved into the ghetto.
my husband and i have 4 daughters and 1 son. i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre. I have a son and a daughter. Do you guys use music to connect as a family?
my husband and i have 4 daughters and 1 son. i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre. I have a son and a daughter. My son loves urban music and hes the one who got me into it.
my husband and i have 4 daughters and 1 son. i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre. I have a son and a daughter. My family members like to listen to classical music.
my husband and i have 4 daughters and 1 son. i prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre. I have a son and a daughter. My husband and I have 4 daughters and 1 son and they are all classical music lovers, believe it or not, but I prefer to listen to things more in the urban genre.
i make up stories about celebrities to get attention. i ride around selling books. I make up stories about celebrities to get attention. You should write a book. I sell books, myself.
i make up stories about celebrities to get attention. i ride around selling books. I make up stories about celebrities to get attention. I make novels for money.
i make up stories about celebrities to get attention. i ride around selling books. I make up stories about celebrities to get attention. When I’m riding around selling books I run into a lot of people who are selling made up stories about celebrities.
i do not get to see my parents very often. i like bigger canines. I dont get to see my parents very often. I like bigger canines. I have no family at all, just my dogs.
i do not get to see my parents very often. i like bigger canines. I dont get to see my parents very often. I like bigger canines. I had a huge canine as a pet when I was growing up in my parents home.
i do not get to see my parents very often. i like bigger canines. I dont get to see my parents very often. I like bigger canines. I see my parents often. They breed chihuahuas. I prefer larger canines though.
my pop used to be a personal driver. i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment. I was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment. My pop was an educator, so I wanted to do this to make him proud.
my pop used to be a personal driver. i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment. I was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment. Oh! What kind of clients did he drive? Oh yeah, why did our boss call you in yesterday?
my pop used to be a personal driver. i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment. I was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment. One day he set up a meeting with me and he mayor.
i enjoy reading things that have long story lins. i like to spend time at restaurants. I like to read things that have long story lins. I enjoy reading things that have long story lines, especially while I eat. So I always carry a book with me because I like to spend time in restaurants relaxing.
i enjoy reading things that have long story lins. i like to spend time at restaurants. I like to read things that have long story lins. I like to read at cafes and restaurants. I love spending time at restaurants.
i enjoy reading things that have long story lins. i like to spend time at restaurants. I like to read things that have long story lins. I like reading about fine dining.
i watch kids. i have always liked nice cars. I like to watch kids. My child wants to become a car designer.
i watch kids. i have always liked nice cars. I like to watch kids. I dont mind babysitting, but I dont want my own. They arent compatible with my corvette.
i watch kids. i have always liked nice cars. I like to watch kids. I take them for rides in my Jaguar.
i am an amateur entomologist. i work in tech. I am an amateur entomologist. I love my job.
i am an amateur entomologist. i work in tech. I am an amateur entomologist. I like working in science too.  I am in tech.
i am an amateur entomologist. i work in tech. I am an amateur entomologist. I am an amateur entomologist, so I love talking about bugs. But people always think I mean coding bugs—like in computers—because I also work in tech.
i enjoy playing music. i only eat plants. I like to play music. A lot of musicians are vegans.
i enjoy playing music. i only eat plants. I like to play music. I enjoy playing music. I find it really relaxes me—and did you know it helps plants grow? So its a win-win, because I only eat plants.
i enjoy playing music. i only eat plants. I like to play music. I play music for my vegetables.
i lift weights four times a week. a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing. I lift weights four times a week. My only exercise is swimming.
i lift weights four times a week. a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing. I lift weights four times a week. I dont like weight lifting.  Id rather swim.
i lift weights four times a week. a great way to pass time is to be in the water relaxing. I lift weights four times a week. I respect your commitment and effort, but when it comes to my leisure time, I much prefer to spend it relaxing in the water.
i love to redecorate my house by painting. i have a couple of kids. I love to paint my house. My house needs redecorating inside.
i love to redecorate my house by painting. i have a couple of kids. I love to paint my house. My kids did all the walls in our house.
i love to redecorate my house by painting. i have a couple of kids. I love to paint my house. I wont redecorate my house until my kids grow up.
my pop passed away. i love to design. I love to design. Im sorry to hear that. My mom encourages me in my passions.
my pop passed away. i love to design. I love to design. I could make him a nice coffin.
my pop passed away. i love to design. I love to design. my own father who had a clothing line passed away as well
i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout. i like to cook different foods. I like to cook different foods. workouts make it so that I dont feel guilty eating.
i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout. i like to cook different foods. I like to cook different foods. You must eat healthy to keep up with the workouts.
i enjoy getting a good dance cardio workout. i like to cook different foods. I like to cook different foods. In addition to workout, good food is important for health so I like to cook different foods.
i hate my old job. i spend a lot of time in the kitchen. I love my old job. I hated mine too.  Thats why I quit to become a homemaker.  Now I spend a lot of time in the kitchen.
i hate my old job. i spend a lot of time in the kitchen. I love my old job. Me too, I used to wait tables, but wanted to be a cook. I finally quit and now can spend all the time in the kitchen I want.
i hate my old job. i spend a lot of time in the kitchen. I love my old job. I used to work in the kitchen of a restaurant.
i am often successful at ocean fishing. i enjoy art. I like to fish and I enjoy art. I have a huge passion for art in one of my favorite types of paintings are those of the oceans and the animals that occupy it.
i am often successful at ocean fishing. i enjoy art. I like to fish and I enjoy art. I love going ocean fishing, but art is my main hobby.
i am often successful at ocean fishing. i enjoy art. I like to fish and I enjoy art. fishing is an art
i tell jokes on stage. i do not know many people. I dont know many people. I would be way to shy for anything like that.
i tell jokes on stage. i do not know many people. I dont know many people. I use humor to get friends.
i tell jokes on stage. i do not know many people. I dont know many people. I get nervous in front of people.
my favorite pets are canines. after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged. I love dogs and I love them. I love dogs too, but my partner doesnt, so its always been a sticking point, but finally weve agreed on a turtle, and after almost half a decade my partner and I are engaged.
my favorite pets are canines. after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged. I love dogs and I love them. As an engagement present, my partner and I got two pet dogs.
my favorite pets are canines. after almost half a decade my partner and i are engaged. I love dogs and I love them. I was walking my dog when I met my girl Mindy.
i am a pilot. i like to make things with my hands. I like to make things with my hands. I can build and fly a plane.
i am a pilot. i like to make things with my hands. I like to make things with my hands. You must have very good hand eye coordination.
i am a pilot. i like to make things with my hands. I like to make things with my hands. I work in the arts.  I like making things with my hands.
i am a pilot. i like to make things with my hands. I like to make things with my hands. When Im not flying planes, I am working on crafts.
i am a pilot. i like to make things with my hands. I like to make things with my hands. I am a pilot who loves to carve planes out of wood with my hands.
i am a pilot. i like to make things with my hands. I like to make things with my hands. When I am not flying, I like to make art.
my mother was a cosmetologist. i work at a business that sells morning drinks. I work at a business that sells morning drinks. My mother never worked, but I have a business selling morning drinks.
my mother was a cosmetologist. i work at a business that sells morning drinks. I work at a business that sells morning drinks. I have a better job.
my mother was a cosmetologist. i work at a business that sells morning drinks. I work at a business that sells morning drinks. Mine stayed at home, but always encouraged me to have a career.
my sibling enjoys music and going to different places. i wish to join education. I like to go to different places and play music. My sibling enjoys music and going to different places, but Im a little more serious-minded. More than anything, I wish to join in educational pursuits.
my sibling enjoys music and going to different places. i wish to join education. I like to go to different places and play music. I like too go to simple, intelligent locations.
my sibling enjoys music and going to different places. i wish to join education. I like to go to different places and play music. Id like to study music and travel.
my sibling enjoys music and going to different places. i wish to join education. I like to go to different places and play music. If I can get a higher education I can make more money and support my hobbies, playing music and traveling.
my sibling enjoys music and going to different places. i wish to join education. I like to go to different places and play music. I want to settle down and get a job.
my sibling enjoys music and going to different places. i wish to join education. I like to go to different places and play music. People have different dreams of life like enjoying music and traveling, and my dream is that I wish to join education.
i am currently in college. i will turn 21 this year. I am currently in college and I will turn 21 this year. I will soon drink at college parties.
i am currently in college. i will turn 21 this year. I am currently in college and I will turn 21 this year. I am currently in college, which is important to me at this stage of life because I really believe in getting a good head start when it comes to education. I will turn 21 this year, so Im right on schedule.
i am currently in college. i will turn 21 this year. I am currently in college and I will turn 21 this year. My high school folks are also in college so I will turn 21 this year.
my office is the internet. i enjoy listening to pop punk music. I like to listen to pop punk music. I find most of my music on the internet.
my office is the internet. i enjoy listening to pop punk music. I like to listen to pop punk music. I work on the internet so I can have music.
my office is the internet. i enjoy listening to pop punk music. I like to listen to pop punk music. I stream music on the internet.
my office is the internet. i enjoy listening to pop punk music. I like to listen to pop punk music. I work online only.  I usually work while bumping odd music.
my office is the internet. i enjoy listening to pop punk music. I like to listen to pop punk music. I am lucky that I can listen to music when I am working.
my office is the internet. i enjoy listening to pop punk music. I like to listen to pop punk music. I listen to pop punk music on the internet.
