i love to redecorate my house by painting. i have a couple of kids. I love to paint my house. My house needs redecorating inside.
i love to redecorate my house by painting. i have a couple of kids. I love to paint my house. My kids did all the walls in our house.
i love to redecorate my house by painting. i have a couple of kids. I love to paint my house. I wont redecorate my house until my kids grow up.
i like warm drinks when its cold outside. my family is hard working. I like warm drinks when its cold outside. A warm drink just makes me feel better. It reminds me of when Id shovel the sidewalk with my family growing up.
i like warm drinks when its cold outside. my family is hard working. I like warm drinks when its cold outside. I dont get to enjoy warm drinks as much as Id like as we are always working.
i like warm drinks when its cold outside. my family is hard working. I like warm drinks when its cold outside. I love a warm hot chocolate during a cold day. My family has been working on the house, so weve been outdoors a lot lately, wha about your family?
my schooling is close to being completed. i am the one who supports my parents. I am the one who supports my parents. I have to work to support myself and my family.
my schooling is close to being completed. i am the one who supports my parents. I am the one who supports my parents. I wasnt able to finish school.  I had to go to work to support my parents.
my schooling is close to being completed. i am the one who supports my parents. I am the one who supports my parents. I want to get a job to help my family.
my schooling is close to being completed. i am the one who supports my parents. I am the one who supports my parents. Hopefully, my parents can support me while I am in college.
my schooling is close to being completed. i am the one who supports my parents. I am the one who supports my parents. My schooling is close to being completed, which is good because I need to land a high paying job ASAP since I am the one who supports my parents.
my schooling is close to being completed. i am the one who supports my parents. I am the one who supports my parents. Unfortunately, I have had to drop out of school and get a job.  I am the one supports my parents.
i love squeezed oranges. my sister has children. I love squeezed oranges. My sister has a couple of orange trees, and is always bringing some over.
i love squeezed oranges. my sister has children. I love squeezed oranges. I dont but my children do.
i love squeezed oranges. my sister has children. I love squeezed oranges. I love squeezed oranges like the ones I get from the trees in my backyard. My sisters always asking me for some and I have to remember to get extra for her because my sister has children.
i am the parent to a single kid. i cant stand to jog but i push myself. I am the parent to a single kid. I heard its hard to stay in shape as a single parent because you dont have time to exercise.
i am the parent to a single kid. i cant stand to jog but i push myself. I am the parent to a single kid. Hes still young, so my wife and I take turns getting out of the house. I go running for my workout and to get a break from parenting.
i am the parent to a single kid. i cant stand to jog but i push myself. I am the parent to a single kid. Its hard to keep up with my kid.
i am the parent to a single kid. i cant stand to jog but i push myself. I am the parent to a single kid. I have a kid with whom I run with every morning.
i am the parent to a single kid. i cant stand to jog but i push myself. I am the parent to a single kid. I bond with my only kid by exercising.
i am the parent to a single kid. i cant stand to jog but i push myself. I am the parent to a single kid. I need to be healthy for my kid.
water is not my friend. my grandfather fought in the second world war. Im not a water lover, but Im not a water lover. My grandfather didnt know how to swim either.  He fought in WW2.
water is not my friend. my grandfather fought in the second world war. Im not a water lover, but Im not a water lover. My grandfather was in the seals and did a lot of water based deployments.
water is not my friend. my grandfather fought in the second world war. Im not a water lover, but Im not a water lover. I guess you will not join the navy.
i love to go shopping. my favorite pizza is pepperoni. I like to go shopping and I like to go shopping. I only like shopping for food ingredients.  I make my own pizza.
i love to go shopping. my favorite pizza is pepperoni. I like to go shopping and I like to go shopping. I have to go to work tomorrow.
i love to go shopping. my favorite pizza is pepperoni. I like to go shopping and I like to go shopping. There is a mall that I like to go to.  I like to go to the food court and get pepperoni pizza there.
i make my own clothes. i hate flowers. I make my own clothes. I hate flowers. Ive heard flowers some times ruin home made clothes.
i enjoy walking the trails. i like to walk in the mountains. I like to walk the trails. I love hiking and climbing. Nothing nicer than a mountain view.
i enjoy walking the trails. i like to walk in the mountains. I like to walk the trails. That sounds nice.  Have you ever tried some of the trails in the mountains?
i enjoy walking the trails. i like to walk in the mountains. I like to walk the trails. Trails are fun which is why I go to the mountains.
i enjoy travel. i love to drive my car. I like to drive my car. I use my car to go on road trips around the country every summer. I love to drive my car.
i enjoy travel. i love to drive my car. I like to drive my car. I couldnt wait to venture out on my own. I believe thats why I love to drive my car.
i enjoy travel. i love to drive my car. I like to drive my car. I wish I had more time to travel.  I enjoy visiting national parks and I love to drive my car.
i enjoy computers and phones. jumping out of an airplane would be a thrill. I like computers and phones. I enjoy doing something more adventurous
i enjoy computers and phones. jumping out of an airplane would be a thrill. I like computers and phones. As much as I love technology, I also like thrill seeking.
i enjoy computers and phones. jumping out of an airplane would be a thrill. I like computers and phones. My love for computers and phones have led me to watch videos which have me thinking that jumping out of a plane would be exciting.
i am a teen that lives with all my family. i enjoy surfing the web. I am a teen that lives with my family. I like surfing the web. I am a teenager who lives with my entire family, which makes privacy tough sometimes. For instance, I enjoy surfing the web and I dont like them seeing everything I do.
i am a teen that lives with all my family. i enjoy surfing the web. I am a teen that lives with my family. I like surfing the web. What are things you like to do?
i am a teen that lives with all my family. i enjoy surfing the web. I am a teen that lives with my family. I like surfing the web. I spend a lot of time on the internet.
i am guilty alot of times. i spend my time eating and watching tv. I am guilty alot of times. I spend my time watching TV. I wish I could better myself but its hard.
i am guilty alot of times. i spend my time eating and watching tv. I am guilty alot of times. I spend my time watching TV. I am guilty a lot of times, no matter how hard I try not to feel that way. Its just that I so often spend my days eating, watching TV and accomplishing nothing—and I feel terrible that Im wasting my life.
i am guilty alot of times. i spend my time eating and watching tv. I am guilty alot of times. I spend my time watching TV. I feel guilty about wasting my time.
i like to work with acrylics. i aspire to paint murals. I like to paint murals. I aspire to paint murals all over the city by using some acrylic paints.
i like to work with acrylics. i aspire to paint murals. I like to paint murals. I have only done small paintings.
i am looking for a new spouse. i do not like my job. I am looking for a new spouse. I am recently divorced.  I work with my ex and I dont like my job.
i am looking for a new spouse. i do not like my job. I am looking for a new spouse. I need to change my whole life, actually.
i am looking for a new spouse. i do not like my job. I am looking for a new spouse. I dont have a spouse, but sometimes it feels like Im married to my crappy job, so I can relate to the desire to find something new.
in reality i am 32 and live at home with my mother. i miss my dad. I am 32 and live at home with my mother. Both of my parents died.
my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment. i have a house in the midwest. I have a house in the midwest. My family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so I am searching for employment. Whatever happens, though, I wont be homeless because I have a house in the midwest.
my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment. i have a house in the midwest. I have a house in the midwest. Whenever I visit back home in the midwest I go searching for temporary employment while Im living there.
my family lost our agricultural home some weeks ago so i am searching for employment. i have a house in the midwest. I have a house in the midwest. We bought a new home to replace it but it is nothing like the old one.
i wear a lot of purple. i want to be a doctor. I wear purple. I want to be a doctor. I prefer wearing white, since thats what Ill wear when Im a doctor.
i wear a lot of purple. i want to be a doctor. I wear purple. I want to be a doctor. Purple is the color of my university, which has a great medical school.
i wear a lot of purple. i want to be a doctor. I wear purple. I want to be a doctor. I would have to wear a white coat at work if I followed my dreams.
i wish to be a star. i like to wash my face every day. I like to wash my face every day. I like to have a clean face to look good on camera in Hollywood.
i wish to be a star. i like to wash my face every day. I like to wash my face every day. I think its important for stars to take care of their skin.
i wish to be a star. i like to wash my face every day. I like to wash my face every day. Like a famous celeb? Or an actual star? Maybe you should calm down and wash your face first.
i have gone across the ocean. my mom is famous. I have gone across the ocean. Me, too, numerous times. I had to because my mom is an actress.
i have gone across the ocean. my mom is famous. I have gone across the ocean. My mom was in a band when she lived in France.
i have gone across the ocean. my mom is famous. I have gone across the ocean. I sailed with my mom on a cruise ship.
my grandma likes to make pizza with me. i like to play basketball. I like to play basketball. I always play outside at her house.
i am a natural brunette. i like mr happy. I am a natural brunette. Ohh, do you think you will ever dye it any other color. Oh look its Mr. Happy! I heard he is recently single, what do you think about him?
i am a natural brunette. i like mr happy. I am a natural brunette. Many men prefer blonde women but I am happy to marry a loving woman with a natural brunette
i am a natural brunette. i like mr happy. I am a natural brunette. One of the reasons I like mr happy is because mr happy is a brunette, although its dyed.
i am taking a year off before i start college. i am saving money to buy my first car. I am taking a year off before I start college. I am saving money to buy my I am taking a year off before college so I can save money for a car.
i am taking a year off before i start college. i am saving money to buy my first car. I am taking a year off before I start college. I am saving money to buy my What are you planing to do in the gap?
i am taking a year off before i start college. i am saving money to buy my first car. I am taking a year off before I start college. I am saving money to buy my I need to get a car before I go to college.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am a painter of landscapes. My wife thinks I need to get a real job.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am a painter of landscapes. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing but I still cant give up my art career because I love it too much, so as long as I live, I will say that I am a painter of landscapes.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am a painter of landscapes. I can relate because as a artist I am always starving.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am a painter of landscapes. I dont make much money painting, and its damaging my marriage.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am a painter of landscapes. Art has ruined my marriage.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am a painter of landscapes. I dont make a lot of money either.  I paint landscapes and that doesnt make a lot of money.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am a painter of landscapes. I dont know what I want to do either.  Right now Im a landscape painter.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am a painter of landscapes. I am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. I would probably be suicidal if it werent for my relaxing hobby, which I adore: I am a painter of landscapes, you see.
i am unmotivated and not wealthy and my marriage is failing. i am a painter of landscapes. I am a painter of landscapes. Ive heard artists have a tough time with their spouses.
i have a lot of money. i feel at home on the water. I have a lot of money. I feel at home on the water. I own my own yacht.
i have a lot of money. i feel at home on the water. I have a lot of money. I feel at home on the water. I was able to buy a home near the ocean after finally saving enough money to move.
i have a lot of money. i feel at home on the water. I have a lot of money. I feel at home on the water. I want to save my money to buy a houseboat.  I love being on the water.
i have a lot of money. i feel at home on the water. I have a lot of money. I feel at home on the water. I would use that money to buy a boat.
i have a lot of money. i feel at home on the water. I have a lot of money. I feel at home on the water. I would live on a yacht if I had all the money in the world.
i have a lot of money. i feel at home on the water. I have a lot of money. I feel at home on the water. I am a great fisherman
i love to eat shrimp and lobster. i like to swim in the lake. I like to swim in the lake. Ill eat anything out of the ocean.
i love to eat shrimp and lobster. i like to swim in the lake. I like to swim in the lake. Lobsters are awesome! I love stuff from the ocean. Have you ever swum in ocean
i love to hunt. i hate seafood but love mexican food. I love to hunt and I love to hunt. I hate seafood but love mexican We freeze a lot of meat in the winter, but I really enjoy catfish the most.
i love to hunt. i hate seafood but love mexican food. I love to hunt and I love to hunt. I hate seafood but love mexican My favorite mexican dish is a special venison meal they make after deer hunting.
i work for nike as an accountant. i love soccer. I work for nike as an accountant. I play varsity level soccer and work at the local Nike outlet.
i love cold weather. i love dark clothes. I love cold weather. I love dark clothes. I like to wear my leather coat
i am my own person. my footwear is navy. I am my own person. I am my own person and I dont care what anyone says. A lot of people ask me why I wear blue all the time and I just tell its because I like it. Everything I have is blue—look, even my footwear is navy.
i am my own person. my footwear is navy. I am my own person. I wear my own style of clothing.
i am my own person. my footwear is navy. I am my own person. I have my own style too.  I like to wear navy shoes.
i enjoy eating italian food. pizza is my favorite. I like toeat italian food. Me too, especially pizza
i enjoy eating italian food. pizza is my favorite. I like toeat italian food. I enjoy eating Italian food and I like all kinds but pizza is my favorite!
i enjoy eating italian food. pizza is my favorite. I like toeat italian food. Ordering take-out is my greatest talent.
i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store. sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star. I like to go to the store and get a job. But I work at a fashion store that sells jeans, and I love fashion so I dont want to give up my job.
i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store. sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star. I like to go to the store and get a job. I wish that I had lots of money so I could shop even more.
i liked my jeans so much i cleared the shelf at the store. sometimes i dream of leaving work and being a groupie for a pop star. I like to go to the store and get a job. I work at a clothing store, but I want to leave to be a groupie for my favorite pop star.
i like the tone of citrus. my job can be described as clerical. I like citrus and I like the tone of citrus. My cubicle has a citrus tone to it.
i like the tone of citrus. my job can be described as clerical. I like citrus and I like the tone of citrus. The circus is great.  It makes me happy, unlike my dull office job.
i like the tone of citrus. my job can be described as clerical. I like citrus and I like the tone of citrus. I like the smell of citrus too! I also really like amber. Did you ever tell me what it is you do for work?
i like the tone of citrus. my job can be described as clerical. I like citrus and I like the tone of citrus. I always put on a scent when going to church
i like the tone of citrus. my job can be described as clerical. I like citrus and I like the tone of citrus. Tone of citrus, that sounds incredibly descriptive, are you a creative for your day job?
i like the tone of citrus. my job can be described as clerical. I like citrus and I like the tone of citrus. You should come to the fruit market I work at.
i love to eat cheese. i like to cook stews. I like to eat cheese. Have you ever tried cooking in a Crock Pot?
i love to eat cheese. i like to cook stews. I like to eat cheese. I like cheese as a side to a hot dish.  Like a stew or soup.
i love to eat cheese. i like to cook stews. I like to eat cheese. Im lactose intolerant unfortunately. I prefer to make soups and stews, especially in this cold weather.
i can not believe it has been a year since i began. i am a football star. I havent been to football since I started. Yeah, youve been playing really well! It is crazy, how do you feel about your progress?
i can not believe it has been a year since i began. i am a football star. I havent been to football since I started. I was so terrible when I was a young QB a year ago.  Now People follow me around due to my playing ability.
i can not believe it has been a year since i began. i am a football star. I havent been to football since I started. I play on my football team.
i admire lipton beverages. my mother is the closest person to me. I like lipton beverages. My mom and I drink lipton together.
i admire lipton beverages. my mother is the closest person to me. I like lipton beverages. My mothers the only person I admire, and Ive admired her since the day she helped me with my lipton lemonade stand.
i admire lipton beverages. my mother is the closest person to me. I like lipton beverages. When I was little my mom always gave me lipton tea.
i like the sand on my feet. my puppy is called georgie. I like the sand on my feet. oh yea, and my puppy loves it as well.
i like the sand on my feet. my puppy is called georgie. I like the sand on my feet. I take my dog to the beach all the time.
i like the sand on my feet. my puppy is called georgie. I like the sand on my feet. I take my puppy to the beach and walk in the sand with him.
i like the sand on my feet. my puppy is called georgie. I like the sand on my feet. I take Georgie out on beach walks all the time because he loves to play on the sand.
i like the sand on my feet. my puppy is called georgie. I like the sand on my feet. I like walking in the sand on the ocean with my puppy.
i like the sand on my feet. my puppy is called georgie. I like the sand on my feet. I like to take my puppy on walks on the beach.  His name is Georgie.
the best animal is the smartest in the ocean. my dad makes commercials. My dad makes commercials. Dolphins are really smart.  Thats why my dad made commercials about their protection.
the best animal is the smartest in the ocean. my dad makes commercials. My dad makes commercials. my dad works with animals on television
the best animal is the smartest in the ocean. my dad makes commercials. My dad makes commercials. Dad makes commercials of the smartest ocean animal.
i like the capital of grunge. i like being in my car for long periods of time. I like to travel to grunge. I went there on a road trip once. I love driving.
i like the capital of grunge. i like being in my car for long periods of time. I like to travel to grunge. I listen to grunge in my car.
i like the capital of grunge. i like being in my car for long periods of time. I like to travel to grunge. I like the capital of grunge and I drove hundreds of miles to see it, which is fine because I like being in my car for long periods of time.
my parent is a body builder. i prefer to be financially comfortable. My parents are a bodybuilder. You should follow in his footstep.
my parent is a body builder. i prefer to be financially comfortable. My parents are a bodybuilder. My dad did that for a while, but it wasnt good money.  I want something that pays more.
my parent is a body builder. i prefer to be financially comfortable. My parents are a bodybuilder. That job doesnt pay well.
i am an introvert. lebron is my favorite player. I am an introvert. I heard a lot of athletes are introverts
i am an introvert. lebron is my favorite player. I am an introvert. I dont like to go out, instead I stay in and watch basketball.
i am an introvert. lebron is my favorite player. I am an introvert. I spend a lot of time in my room watching NBA games.
i work as a tech. i like to loosen up with pot now and then. I work as a tech and I like to loosen up with pot. Working in tech can be very stressful.
i work as a tech. i like to loosen up with pot now and then. I work as a tech and I like to loosen up with pot. Id like to apply for a tech job, but Im afraid of being drug tested as part of the interview process since I like to loosen up with pot on occasion.
i work as a tech. i like to loosen up with pot now and then. I work as a tech and I like to loosen up with pot. Working can be tedious.  Sometimes, I loosen up with a joint.
i do not like to change my style. i can not spell to save my life. I dont like to change my style. I cant spell to save my life I am great at putting together a trendy outfit, but I wasnt good in school.
i do not like to change my style. i can not spell to save my life. I dont like to change my style. I cant spell to save my life All my shirts have slogans on them.
i do not like to change my style. i can not spell to save my life. I dont like to change my style. I cant spell to save my life My style has bad grammar.
i would like to work for the smithsonian. i hate winter and the cold. I would like to work for the smithsonian. I have a dream of working in Yellowstone National Park during the winter.
i would like to work for the smithsonian. i hate winter and the cold. I would like to work for the smithsonian. I wouldnt want to work in D.C., though.
i would like to work for the smithsonian. i hate winter and the cold. I would like to work for the smithsonian. Itd be nice to be in Washington - the weathers usually pretty good there.
height is missing from my stature. i spend my spare time in novels. I have a lot of time in novels. Being short gave me a lot of time in the library growing up.
height is missing from my stature. i spend my spare time in novels. I have a lot of time in novels. I like to read in my free time because Im very tall in real life and find it awkward moving around the world.
height is missing from my stature. i spend my spare time in novels. I have a lot of time in novels. Height is missing from my stature, which makes me uncomfortable around people so instead I spend my spare time in novels.
i spend a lot of time with my parents. i like to grow plants. I like to grow plants. I try to. My parents are farmers and instilled a love of plant in me. I enjoy gardening and growing plants.
i spend a lot of time with my parents. i like to grow plants. I like to grow plants. My parents are farmers so I like to grow plants.
i spend a lot of time with my parents. i like to grow plants. I like to grow plants. Even though I dont have kids, I feel like a parent myself as I love to grow plants and spend a lot of time every day nurturing them.
i have a fair complexion. i am a retired colonel. I have a fair complexion. I am a retired colonel. Your complexion is lovely and I wish I was able to maintain such a complexion in the military.
i have a fair complexion. i am a retired colonel. I have a fair complexion. I am a retired colonel. I have a rough complexion because I used to be in the army.
i have a fair complexion. i am a retired colonel. I have a fair complexion. I am a retired colonel. Luckily I dont, as I spent most of my time outdoors.  This was true especially while I was in the military.
i have three dogs at home. i have a bicycle. I have a dog at home. I like to take my dogs on walks or ride bicycles in the park.
i have three dogs at home. i have a bicycle. I have a dog at home. Wow! That must be hard to walk them! Do you ride a skateboard or anything when you walk you dogs?
i took flight classes. my house is in a high altitude location. I took flight classes and I was in a high altitude location. i love seeing everything from above
i took flight classes. my house is in a high altitude location. I took flight classes and I was in a high altitude location. I couldnt get into sports because its hard to breath in the higher altitude where I live.
i took flight classes. my house is in a high altitude location. I took flight classes and I was in a high altitude location. I would love to learn to fly. I love heights of any kind.
i have raw talent for this. i work as a clerk. I have raw talent for this. I work as a clerk. I do not get to show my talent at work.
i have raw talent for this. i work as a clerk. I have raw talent for this. I work as a clerk. Raw talent is important.  I have learned the importance of talent from my job.
i have raw talent for this. i work as a clerk. I have raw talent for this. I work as a clerk. I have talent as a clerk.
my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. i love the sky in the evening. I love the sky in the evening. i love watching the sky from a new place
my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. i love the sky in the evening. I love the sky in the evening. Have  you ever  studied  the  stars ? What  uncharted parts of the world are you looking at ?
my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. i love the sky in the evening. I love the sky in the evening. Yes, I think of going to the stars.  I look up at night and imagine; I love the sky in the evening.
my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. i love the sky in the evening. I love the sky in the evening. I love traveling.  Im a pilot.  I love the sky in the evening.
my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. i love the sky in the evening. I love the sky in the evening. I love the night sky so much that Ive started night hiking into new areas so I can see the outdoors at a different time.
my goal is to travel in uncharted territory. i love the sky in the evening. I love the sky in the evening. I love any kind of travel, as long as I am in nature.
i have a couple pets. i enjoy the ocean. I have a couple pets. I take my pets to the ocean to play.
i have a couple pets. i enjoy the ocean. I have a couple pets. I like to bring my dog to the beach.
i have a couple pets. i enjoy the ocean. I have a couple pets. I have a couple pets who love going to the beach with me, which is nice because I really enjoy the ocean.
i like to eat greasy things.  i have a identical sibling , jane. I have a similar sibling, jane. You sound like you have the same taste as my sister.  I have an identical sibling, Jane.
i like to eat greasy things.  i have a identical sibling , jane. I have a similar sibling, jane. My sister usually cooks them
i like to eat greasy things.  i have a identical sibling , jane. I have a similar sibling, jane. I sister loves junk food.
i like to eat greasy things.  i have a identical sibling , jane. I have a similar sibling, jane. I like to eat greasy things, which is the complete opposite of my twin sister. Isnt that weird? Oh, did I fail to mention that I have an identical sibling, Jane?
i like to eat greasy things.  i have a identical sibling , jane. I have a similar sibling, jane. my sister loves greasy food also
i like to eat greasy things.  i have a identical sibling , jane. I have a similar sibling, jane. I also indulge in those types of foods so often that Ive put on a lot of weight, and you wouldnt even suspect that my sibling, Jane, and I are identical twins.
i work in a restaurant. i was raised by my mom. I work in a restaurant. I have had to work since a young age.
i work in a restaurant. i was raised by my mom. I work in a restaurant. My mom used to work as a waitress
i work in a restaurant. i was raised by my mom. I work in a restaurant. My mom worked in a restaurant when she was raising me, but she didnt make much money there.
i really love dogs. i love listening to piano. I love dogs. I love listening to piano. My dogs fall asleep to music.
i really love dogs. i love listening to piano. I love dogs. I love listening to piano. I love dogs too and I also love music.
i really love dogs. i love listening to piano. I love dogs. I love listening to piano. My dog calms down when listening to music.
i like spending time with my friends and family. i like to read a lot of books. I like to read a lot of books. What do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
i like spending time with my friends and family. i like to read a lot of books. I like to read a lot of books. When I am not with family and friends I am reading.
i like spending time with my friends and family. i like to read a lot of books. I like to read a lot of books. I dislike my family. I prefer to lock myself in my room and read lots of books.
my sister and i are in a grunge band. both of my parents are teachers. My sister and I are in a grunge band. Do your parents love music too?
i am married and have kids. i do not feel very good about myself. I am married and have kids. I do not feel very good about myself. However being married with kids doesnt satisfy my or make me happy.
i am married and have kids. i do not feel very good about myself. I am married and have kids. I do not feel very good about myself. My parents were married for 10 years, then they got a divorce when I was young.  I guess thats one of the reasons I do not feel good about myself.
i am married and have kids. i do not feel very good about myself. I am married and have kids. I do not feel very good about myself. i wish i were married but i have  just broke up with my boyfriend.
i have children and i am a woman. i love being a mom. I have children and I am a woman. I love being a mom. Being a woman with children is a great honor.
i have children and i am a woman. i love being a mom. I have children and I am a woman. I love being a mom. I cant imagine what its like being a mother.
i have children and i am a woman. i love being a mom. I have children and I am a woman. I love being a mom. Me too, isnt it wonderful.  I love being a mom.
i like cheddar. i enjoy preparing meals. I like cheddar, but I like to prepare meals. I like to eat Mac and Cheese with cheddar.
i like cheddar. i enjoy preparing meals. I like cheddar, but I like to prepare meals. Cheddar is one of my favorite cheeses. I like using it in different recipes, because I enjoy preparing meals for my family.
i like cheddar. i enjoy preparing meals. I like cheddar, but I like to prepare meals. I like to use cheddar in my meals.
i love playing tennis. i love reading mysteries in my free time. I love playing tennis. I love reading mysteries in my free time. I love tennis and reading.  I love reading mysteries in my free time usually,
i love playing tennis. i love reading mysteries in my free time. I love playing tennis. I love reading mysteries in my free time. I got injured so I started reading a lot.
i love playing tennis. i love reading mysteries in my free time. I love playing tennis. I love reading mysteries in my free time. i like to play tennis and read mysteries.
i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat. i would like ot have a couple of children. I have a couple of children. When I have children, I think it will be important to make sure they eat well.
i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat. i would like ot have a couple of children. I have a couple of children. Making healthy choices means my body is better off.  I like having a healthy body because that means Im more likely to have kids.
i need to make healthier choices when i go out to eat. i would like ot have a couple of children. I have a couple of children. Healthy diet is important for the health and pregnancy as in the future I would like to have a couple of children.
after work i am a chauffeur for my family. my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit. I like to drink with my girlfriends and a lot of fruit. I could really use a chauffeur after I drink because drinking and driving is bad. I really like to go out with my girlfriends and enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit.
after work i am a chauffeur for my family. my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit. I like to drink with my girlfriends and a lot of fruit. I know of that -- a designated family member who must drive everyone around, right? I could never recover from the stress of having to drive people around constantly.
after work i am a chauffeur for my family. my girlfriends and i often go out to enjoy alcoholic beverages with fruit. I like to drink with my girlfriends and a lot of fruit. I drive around for my friends a lot.  I dont drink so Im the designated driver.
i love to sew. my mother was a nurse. I love to sew. My mother was a nurse. I dont know how to sew, but my mother does.
i have feelings for a person in my past. i have a professional job. I have a lot of feelings for a person in my past. Romance has never been a priority for me. I like to focus on my career, since my job is a professional one.
i have feelings for a person in my past. i have a professional job. I have a lot of feelings for a person in my past. Its hard to have feelings for someone when you have a professional job like I do.
i have feelings for a person in my past. i have a professional job. I have a lot of feelings for a person in my past. My ex works at my company .
i am an amateur entomologist. i work in tech. I am an amateur entomologist. I love my job.
i am an amateur entomologist. i work in tech. I am an amateur entomologist. I like working in science too.  I am in tech.
i am an amateur entomologist. i work in tech. I am an amateur entomologist. I am an amateur entomologist, so I love talking about bugs. But people always think I mean coding bugs—like in computers—because I also work in tech.
i have a pet snake. my dream is to move to the middle of the desert. I have a pet snake. I have a pet snake who is very important to me, but its a problem because I live in a small apartment complex and they want me to give up my snake so in order to keep him, my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
felines are my favorite pets. i prefer thin crust. I like to have a thin crust. I like to give my cats pizza occasionally as treats
felines are my favorite pets. i prefer thin crust. I like to have a thin crust. My cat loves to eat thin crust with me.
felines are my favorite pets. i prefer thin crust. I like to have a thin crust. I enjoy cats.  Except when they eat my thin crust pizza.
i like to participate in exciting activities. my dog looks a little like a wolf. I like to participate in activities that I like to participate in. I like to go to the park with my dog, but its not exciting.  Hes cute though and looks like a wolf.
i like to participate in exciting activities. my dog looks a little like a wolf. I like to participate in activities that I like to participate in. I like to take my dog hunting with me because its so exciting, testing your skills against a wild animal.
i like to participate in exciting activities. my dog looks a little like a wolf. I like to participate in activities that I like to participate in. Activities after school are fun.  Especially when I bring my wolf-like dog to play games.
my pop used to be a personal driver. i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment. I was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment. My pop was an educator, so I wanted to do this to make him proud.
my pop used to be a personal driver. i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment. I was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment. Oh! What kind of clients did he drive? Oh yeah, why did our boss call you in yesterday?
my pop used to be a personal driver. i was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment. I was asked to give my opinion on preschool education for a tv segment. One day he set up a meeting with me and he mayor.
my job is on the line in a kitchen. i like bright colored things. I like bright colored things. I work in an art gallery.  I love working with colorful things.
my job is on the line in a kitchen. i like bright colored things. I like bright colored things. I always get distracted by jello.
my job is on the line in a kitchen. i like bright colored things. I like bright colored things. I just bought a new neon kitchenware set. I love the colors!
i am a father to four sons. my spouse was in the military for life. I have a son, but Im a father to four sons. I love my kids.  I take care of them while my wife is away in the army.
i am a father to four sons. my spouse was in the military for life. I have a son, but Im a father to four sons. I have raised them a lot of the time by myself since my wife is so busy.
i am a father to four sons. my spouse was in the military for life. I have a son, but Im a father to four sons. Four! Wow, how do you deal with it? What does your spouse do?
i am on the road with a music performer. i have a german car. I am on the road with a music performer. We tour the country in my car.
i am on the road with a music performer. i have a german car. I am on the road with a music performer. I looked for the best rated car to get for the performer.
i am on the road with a music performer. i have a german car. I am on the road with a music performer. Cool, do you travel in a big tour bus? I am a bit of a transportation enthusiast, so I love driving, especially in my cool German car.
i like steak. apartment living was nice but it is time to move on. I like steak and I like to move on. I prefer chicken over steak. So where are you moving? To another apartment, or are you getting a home?
i like steak. apartment living was nice but it is time to move on. I like steak and I like to move on. I only like my steak grilled, but I havent had an outdoor grill what with living in an apartment. Maybe its time I moved into a place with a lawn.
i like steak. apartment living was nice but it is time to move on. I like steak and I like to move on. I live in a great neighborhood with a nice steakhouse around the corner.
iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner. i enjoy what i do for a living. Im a recruiter for time warner. Thats cool, do you like the company that you are currently working for?
iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner. i enjoy what i do for a living. Im a recruiter for time warner. Now I work for myself.
iin my previous job i was a recruiter for time warner. i enjoy what i do for a living. Im a recruiter for time warner. I mainly enjoy what I do for a living because I work for time warner, a billion dollar corporation, and I make lots of money.
i have a time consuming commute. i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars. I have a time consuming commute. On a good day when theres not much traffic, it takes me about sn hour. On a day with a lot of traffic it takes up to two hours.
i have a time consuming commute. i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars. I have a time consuming commute. I usually hope to avoid much traffic on my way to work.
i have a time consuming commute. i get irritated when i am stuck behind dozens of cars. I have a time consuming commute. The traffic is the worst at specific times of day.
i would rather read a book than watch a movie. in my spare time i like to play video games. I like to read a book and watch a movie. I like to play sports in my spare time.
i would rather read a book than watch a movie. in my spare time i like to play video games. I like to read a book and watch a movie. i do like some screen time though.
i would rather read a book than watch a movie. in my spare time i like to play video games. I like to read a book and watch a movie. I cant concentrate long enough to do either of those things. Id rather play video games.
i work in the tech field. i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working. I work in the tech field and I hope to move to a tropical island once I am I like my job but I wish that I could retire.
i work in the tech field. i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working. I work in the tech field and I hope to move to a tropical island once I am There can be so much stress from that type of work, no?
i work in the tech field. i hope to move to a tropical island once i am able to stop working. I work in the tech field and I hope to move to a tropical island once I am I want to retire to a tropical island.
i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature. i stand up for animals and the planet. I like to spend a lot of time outdoors with nature. My time outdoors caused me to write petitions.
i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature. i stand up for animals and the planet. I like to spend a lot of time outdoors with nature. I think observing animals and seeing their importance to the environment is an important thing about being outdoors and in nature.  Thats why I stand up for animals and the planet.
i spend a lot of time outdoors with nature. i stand up for animals and the planet. I like to spend a lot of time outdoors with nature. Nature is very precious.
i wish to work in hollywood. i am an outgoing person who loves people. I like to work in hollywood. Hollywood is suitable for people with passion because I am an outgoing person who loves people.
i wish to work in hollywood. i am an outgoing person who loves people. I like to work in hollywood. I think you have to be an extrovert to work in Hollywood.  That would be good for me as I am an outgoing person who loves people.
i wish to work in hollywood. i am an outgoing person who loves people. I like to work in hollywood. You cant be an introvert if you want to work in hollywood.
i collect dolls. i like jazz. I like to play jazz. i like jazz and collecting dolls.
i collect dolls. i like jazz. I like to play jazz. of often play music while looking at my dolls
i enjoy making food that tastes good. i work in commerce. I like to make food that tastes good. I work in commerce. I like to cook when I dont have to work.
i enjoy making food that tastes good. i work in commerce. I like to make food that tastes good. I work in commerce. I usually make my own lunches for work.
i enjoy making food that tastes good. i work in commerce. I like to make food that tastes good. I work in commerce. I enjoy making good tasting food, I always try to bring a plate or two to my job in commerce.
i enjoy making food that tastes good. i work in commerce. I like to make food that tastes good. I work in commerce. i sometimes cook lunch for my coworkers
i enjoy making food that tastes good. i work in commerce. I like to make food that tastes good. I work in commerce. It must be rewarding having a job that involves some creativity. I have kind of a boring job, just a commerce position.
i enjoy making food that tastes good. i work in commerce. I like to make food that tastes good. I work in commerce. I work in a job that cooks food.
 my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections. twins seem to run in my family. I like to make a candy for my twins. My favorite candy is brown, sugary confections. My twin brother loves them too and so do my two twin sisters; I dont know what it is, twins seem to run in my family.
 my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections. twins seem to run in my family. I like to make a candy for my twins. Twins and also diabetes seem to run in my family, because all of the tweens have a sweet tooth and got diabetes before they turned 20 years old.
 my favorite candy is brown , sugary , confections. twins seem to run in my family. I like to make a candy for my twins. The twins in my family also love sugary confections.
i have a spouse. my sister has lots of kids. I have a spouse. We want a huge family.
i have a spouse. my sister has lots of kids. I have a spouse. We want many children in the future.
i have a spouse. my sister has lots of kids. I have a spouse. Im not married and no kids, but my sister has lots of kids.
i have a spouse. my sister has lots of kids. I have a spouse. Im not married, but my sister is.  She has a lot of kids.
i have a spouse. my sister has lots of kids. I have a spouse. Im not married, but my sister is.
i have a spouse. my sister has lots of kids. I have a spouse. Im not married, but I have two kids.
i own my own business. my favorite food is sushi. I own my own business. I started a restaurant featuring foods I like.
i love sweets. i am in high school. I love sweets. I am in high school. My first day of high school I brought a bunch of sweet candies for my friends and I to eat at recess.
i love sweets. i am in high school. I love sweets. I am in high school. You must be young
i love sweets. i am in high school. I love sweets. I am in high school. I love to eat sweets at my high school.
i recently received a promotion at my job. my wife and i have a small family of 5. I have a small family of 5 and I have a small family of 5 My wife just got a promotion as well.
i recently received a promotion at my job. my wife and i have a small family of 5. I have a small family of 5 and I have a small family of 5 Thats great! I bet your family is really happy, I cant remember, do you have an kids?
i recently received a promotion at my job. my wife and i have a small family of 5. I have a small family of 5 and I have a small family of 5 A stable job is an important income as my wife and i have a small family of 5.
i work at walmart. foreign cars appeal to me. I work at walmart. I hope I can make enough for a new car.
i work at walmart. foreign cars appeal to me. I work at walmart. My favorite thing about foreign cars is theyre reliable, and I need my car to be reliable because I have a long work commute.
i work at walmart. foreign cars appeal to me. I work at walmart. I would not consider that a bad thing, but I would hate working for the man in any form and being stuck in such a deal.
i do not want a job. i play video games all day. I dont want a job. I play video games all day. Ive also been actively avoiding a job, thats why I play video games all day.
i do not want a job. i play video games all day. I dont want a job. I play video games all day. Me neither. Im pretty happy collecting unemployment and playing video games all day
i do not want a job. i play video games all day. I dont want a job. I play video games all day. me neither. i prefer what i currently do, which is play video games all day.
i am a shopaholic. i am a larger female. I am a shopaholic. i think most women like shopping.
i am a shopaholic. i am a larger female. I am a shopaholic. I buy a lot of plus size clothing.
i am a shopaholic. i am a larger female. I am a shopaholic. Its hard for me to find clothes that fit me.
i constantly have feelings of anger. i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking. I have a lot of anger and I like to hang out in clubs and look at the I get mad a lot too.  I think I need to stay out of clubs where there is too much drinking.
i constantly have feelings of anger. i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking. I have a lot of anger and I like to hang out in clubs and look at the My friends and family annoy me so I just like to people watch.
i constantly have feelings of anger. i hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking. I have a lot of anger and I like to hang out in clubs and look at the I constantly have feelings of anger, especially since Ive stopped drinking. Its probably not a good idea that I hang out in clubs and look at the folks drinking.
i like to travel to other countries. i want to talk german. I like to travel to other countries. I want to talk german. Im planning to travel to Germany, but I want to speak the language first.
i like to travel to other countries. i want to talk german. I like to travel to other countries. I want to talk german. I havent been to Germany yet.
i like to travel to other countries. i want to talk german. I like to travel to other countries. I want to talk german. I like traveling to other countries. For instance, Id really like to go to Germany but I want to talk German when I do.
my place of residence is floating on a river. i own more than one canine but less than three. I have a lot of people who have a canine but I have a lot I have two dogs on my river house.
my place of residence is floating on a river. i own more than one canine but less than three. I have a lot of people who have a canine but I have a lot I live there with my dogs.
my place of residence is floating on a river. i own more than one canine but less than three. I have a lot of people who have a canine but I have a lot I take my dogs fishing with me on the canoe boat, and I often see houseboats floating along the river when I go fishing early in the morning.
i am a bicyclist. my dad worked with the force. I am a bicyclist and my dad worked with the force. My dad would always ride his bicycle to work, even in bad weather.
i am a bicyclist. my dad worked with the force. I am a bicyclist and my dad worked with the force. Sweet, I have been riding my bike more casually with my dad. My dad rode bikes competitively for years, what does your dad do?
i am a bicyclist. my dad worked with the force. I am a bicyclist and my dad worked with the force. I used to spend a lot of time on my bike as I had trouble making friends.
i never knew my dad. i have three tattoos. I never knew my dad. I have three tattoos. However I feel really close to my mom and sisters.  I put them close to my heart in ink so I have three tattoos.
i never knew my dad. i have three tattoos. I never knew my dad. I have three tattoos. I made sure to get a tattoo for all of my parents and grandparents that are alive.
i never knew my dad. i have three tattoos. I never knew my dad. I have three tattoos. My Dad is a tattoo artist.
my dream is to own my own restaurant. i work as a grill cook. I work as a grill cook. I work in a restaurant as a grill cook.
my dream is to own my own restaurant. i work as a grill cook. I work as a grill cook. I have two dogs.
my dream is to own my own restaurant. i work as a grill cook. I work as a grill cook. Not only do I like restaurant food but also I work as a grill cook.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I really want to adopt a dog, but my mom says that I am too young and irresponsible.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I was never allowed to have a pet when I was little.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. Dogs kind of saved me from myself when I was younger.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. dogs are good companions for when you are young
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I had a lot of different kinds of dogs growing up as well.  Sometimes they got me into trouble though.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I sick my dogs on people.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I never took good care of my dogs.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I always wanted to own a dog as a kid, but my parents refused to buy me one because I was constantly getting into trouble when I was growing up.
i am the owner of canines of different breeds. i got in a lot of trouble growing up. I have a lot of trouble growing up. I had a pet canine as a boy and we would always run off and cause trouble for the neighborhood.
i regularly go to the gym. my favorite meal is chicken and rice. I go to the gym regularly and I like to cook chicken and rice. I go to the gym and try to eat healthy.  I really like chicken and rice.
i enjoy painting. my kitten has a name. I love painting. I like to paint pictures of my kitten.
i enjoy painting. my kitten has a name. I love painting. I enjoy painting and I love doing portraits of my new kitten, who I just decided to call Whiskers so now my kitten has a name.
i enjoy painting. my kitten has a name. I love painting. My cat likes to watch when I am painting
i work as a scientist. my parents were scientists. I work as a scientist. Its not my chosen field, but I have immense respect for it as both of my parents were scientists
i work as a scientist. my parents were scientists. I work as a scientist. I think what our parents do has a great effect on what career we choose.
i ve recently started working as a freelance designer. i like to go to the movies. I like to go to the movies. With the flexible schedule of a freelancer, what do you do in your spare time?
i ve recently started working as a freelance designer. i like to go to the movies. I like to go to the movies. I like to go to the movies which would probably be a lot easier if I did more freelance work and not be tied to a schedule.
i ve recently started working as a freelance designer. i like to go to the movies. I like to go to the movies. I have been working a lot of hours.  To relax I like to go to the movies.
i am the vocalist for an alternative music group. i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them. I am the vocalist for an alternative music group. I do not do illegal substances because I I was a member of a band, until a stint in rehab kept me away.
i am the vocalist for an alternative music group. i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them. I am the vocalist for an alternative music group. I do not do illegal substances because I I have heard that music groups sometimes like to use illegal substances. Personally, I do not use illegal substances because I do no have access to them.
i am the vocalist for an alternative music group. i do not do illegal substances because i do not have access to them. I am the vocalist for an alternative music group. I do not do illegal substances because I A lot of musicians take drugs.
i love to clean my house. i am afraid to leave the house. I love to clean my house. I am afraid to leave the house. i spend a lot of time in my house.
i love being in the ocean. the secret to my success is that i make money on the side. I love to be in the ocean and I make money on the side. Me too, thats why Im trying to save up enough so that I can spend all day in the ocean. The secret to my success is that I make money on the side.
i love being in the ocean. the secret to my success is that i make money on the side. I love to be in the ocean and I make money on the side. I love being at the beach.  I can go anytime I want because I have a side job that makes me lots of money on the side.
i love being in the ocean. the secret to my success is that i make money on the side. I love to be in the ocean and I make money on the side. I have a beach house that I like to spend any extra time I can find at.
i enjoy sketching humans. i love eating an egg. I love sketching humans. I sketch during breakfast.
i enjoy sketching humans. i love eating an egg. I love sketching humans. I enjoy sketching humans because I am an admirer of the human form—including my own, which is why I eat healthy. In fact, theres nothing I love more than eating an egg.
i enjoy sketching humans. i love eating an egg. I love sketching humans. I like drawing while Im eating eggs.
i enjoy clothing with logos on it. the temperature here is quite brisk and yet it is gorgeous after the thaw. I like to wear clothing with logos on it. I have just been getting Wintet clothing since the temps here were much colder than usual for a few days.
i enjoy clothing with logos on it. the temperature here is quite brisk and yet it is gorgeous after the thaw. I like to wear clothing with logos on it. I have a few name brand shirts, but its really too cold to wear them outside right now.
i enjoy clothing with logos on it. the temperature here is quite brisk and yet it is gorgeous after the thaw. I like to wear clothing with logos on it. I wear my logo sweatshirt in the cold weather outside.
i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly. i like soothing images. I like to be a photographer. I take my time to get to know someone, we are all very complex creatures. What do you think about this picture for my new phone screen?
i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly. i like soothing images. I like to be a photographer. What I find the most soothing is when Im around people I have a good feeling about.
i know how i feel about a person pretty quickly. i like soothing images. I like to be a photographer. Most people give me anxiety so I have to calm myself.
i can speak three languages. i love rap music. I can speak three languages. I love rap music. I found my love of wordplay in languages leads to me liking music like rap which involves a lot of wordplay
i do not eat meat anymore. i do not eat meat nor dairy. I dont eat meat anymore. I dont eat dairy anymore. I am vegan.
i do not eat meat anymore. i do not eat meat nor dairy. I dont eat meat anymore. I dont eat dairy anymore. I went vegetarian myself some time ago, however Im also lactose-intolerant, so Im unintentionally vegan as well.
i do not eat meat anymore. i do not eat meat nor dairy. I dont eat meat anymore. I dont eat dairy anymore. I do not eat meat anymore. I have simplified my entire diet. Actually I do not eat meat nor dairy. Neither are good for you.
my passion is writing. i love to do yoga. I love to do yoga. I find that yoga helps me to gain new ideas.
i work in agriculture. i have my bachelors degree. I work in agriculture. I have my bachelors degree. I initially wanted a job in food science, a similar field, but the career in advertising that I fell into means my bachelors degree is all but useless.
i work in agriculture. i have my bachelors degree. I work in agriculture. I have my bachelors degree. I work as a farmer, but I have a bachelors degree in business.
i work in agriculture. i have my bachelors degree. I work in agriculture. I have my bachelors degree. I want to study agriculture in college
baseball is the sport i enjoy the most. i watched a total eclipsed when i was young. I like to play baseball when I was young. The eclipse injured my eyes and made it hard for me to see, so Im really bad at sports, especially baseball. Ive been hit in the head by plenty of baseballs I never saw coming.
baseball is the sport i enjoy the most. i watched a total eclipsed when i was young. I like to play baseball when I was young. Baseball excites me.  Its almost as exciting as the eclipse I saw as a child.
baseball is the sport i enjoy the most. i watched a total eclipsed when i was young. I like to play baseball when I was young. I am also into astronomy.
i like to spend the weekend watching films at home. mexican food is something that i enjoy eating. I like to spend the weekend watching movies at home. I love chilling at home eating Mexican food while watching films.
i like to spend the weekend watching films at home. mexican food is something that i enjoy eating. I like to spend the weekend watching movies at home. I enjoy cooking during the weekends.
i like to spend the weekend watching films at home. mexican food is something that i enjoy eating. I like to spend the weekend watching movies at home. I like to eat mexican food while watching films at home.
i like to do other things but add. i am studying art. I like to do other things but add to my art. i love creating artwork
i like to do other things but add. i am studying art. I like to do other things but add to my art. Im not good at math.  That is why Im going to school for art.
i like to do other things but add. i am studying art. I like to do other things but add to my art. Adding is hard since I am not left brained.  Im right brained so I focus on art for school.
i would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders. i own a cute puppy. I would lose my head it if I were not attached to my shoulders. I would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders, but I have to try not to be so careless because I recently became a pet owner and now I own a cute puppy.
i would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders. i own a cute puppy. I would lose my head it if I were not attached to my shoulders. My puppy is constantly getting away from my when I take him out on walks. I lose track of a lot of things.
i would lose my head it if were not attached to my shoulders. i own a cute puppy. I would lose my head it if I were not attached to my shoulders. I hope that despite that I can take care of my puppy.
i am in marriage for 96 months. i eat only salad. I am in marriage for 96 months. I’ve been married for 96 months which has caused me to change my diet to only eating salads.
i am in marriage for 96 months. i eat only salad. I am in marriage for 96 months. I try to stay slim for my husband.
i am in marriage for 96 months. i eat only salad. I am in marriage for 96 months. since I got married I became a vegetarian
i teach animals for my career. i do not really feel like i fit in. I teach animals for my career. I do not really feel like I fit in. I teach animals for my career but I think I made the wrong choice job-wise. To tell you the truth, I dont really like animals so I dont really feel like I fit in.
i teach animals for my career. i do not really feel like i fit in. I teach animals for my career. I do not really feel like I fit in. I never teach people
i teach animals for my career. i do not really feel like i fit in. I teach animals for my career. I do not really feel like I fit in. I work as an animal trainer.  I dont feel like I fit in with people.
i am a cub master at our local den. i sound like the stars. I am a cub master at our local den. I sing at the local den.
i am a cub master at our local den. i sound like the stars. I am a cub master at our local den. I have no clue what qualifications or anything really a cub master would do or sound like even.
i am a cub master at our local den. i sound like the stars. I am a cub master at our local den. Thats cool! Did you have to do a peer review yet? What did the kids say about you?
i am a cub master at our local den. i sound like the stars. I am a cub master at our local den. I was never in scouts, because I thought it was too dorky, and Im too cool for that.
i am a cub master at our local den. i sound like the stars. I am a cub master at our local den. I sang once for cub scouts.
i am a cub master at our local den. i sound like the stars. I am a cub master at our local den. I love overnight camping trips.
i eat meat. my job entails writing. I eat meat. The smell of smoke meat stimulates my creativity because my job entails writing.
i eat meat. my job entails writing. I eat meat. I write about the meat I eat.
i eat meat. my job entails writing. I eat meat. I like eating a steak when Im writing something for my job.
i eat meat. my job entails writing. I eat meat. I like eating meat when Im writing my assignments for work.
i eat meat. my job entails writing. I eat meat. I used to date a food critic.
i eat meat. my job entails writing. I eat meat. I talk about meat as a food critic
i like burritos. i like pizza. I like burritos. I prefer italian food.
i like burritos. i like pizza. I like burritos. I only like one Italian dish, though.
i like burritos. i like pizza. I like burritos. Sometimes I get tired of Mexican food.  So I order Italian
i am too hardcore with my living. i could use a trip or a cruise. Im too hardcore with my living. I could use a trip or a I live a wild life too.  I think I could use a trip or cruise.
i am too hardcore with my living. i could use a trip or a cruise. Im too hardcore with my living. I could use a trip or a I think relaxing is a good idea.
i am too hardcore with my living. i could use a trip or a cruise. Im too hardcore with my living. I could use a trip or a I find traveling helps when I get to hardcore with my living.
i work in computer art animation. i am on the lookout for a new partner. I work in computer art animation. I need people to help me animate.
i work in computer art animation. i am on the lookout for a new partner. I work in computer art animation. I need a new partner on this comic book that Im working on.
i work in computer art animation. i am on the lookout for a new partner. I work in computer art animation. I own a business with a partner.
i love my nieces and nephews. i go to europe every year. I love my nieces and nephews. I go to Europe every year. I love visiting my sister an her kids in France as much as possible.
i love my nieces and nephews. i go to europe every year. I love my nieces and nephews. I go to Europe every year. My nieces and nephews are fun.  I always take them on trips to Europe.
i love my nieces and nephews. i go to europe every year. I love my nieces and nephews. I go to Europe every year. I took my nieces and nephews to Europe once.  I go there once a year.
my favorite city is seattle. i ride my bicycle everywhere. I like to ride my bicycle everywhere. I have three sisters.
i enjoy music experiences. i like to swim at the gym. I like to swim at the gym. I use music for everything. For instance, I need music playing when I work out or when Im at the gym using the pool.
i enjoy music experiences. i like to swim at the gym. I like to swim at the gym. I like to listen to music when I am working out.
i enjoy music experiences. i like to swim at the gym. I like to swim at the gym. The gym I go to plays good music while you work out.
i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday. i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate. I have to stay n bed until at least noon everyday. Interesting, I am a morning person. I like to be up and out by eight, are you dating anyone currently? Does your partner also stay in bed until noon?
i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday. i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate. I have to stay n bed until at least noon everyday. I am in bed looking at dating profiles.
i try to stay n bed until at least noon everyday. i am not sure why i have yet to enter into a life bond with a mate. I have to stay n bed until at least noon everyday. i cant sleep when im alone in bed
i love cooking. i have a missing pinky toe. I love cooking. I have a missing pinky toe. One time while cooking, I accidentally dropped a very sharp knife on my foot.
i love cooking. i have a missing pinky toe. I love cooking. I have a missing pinky toe. One time when I was cooking I almost cut off my finger with a knife. It would match my foot, because I have a missing pinky toe.
i love cooking. i have a missing pinky toe. I love cooking. I have a missing pinky toe. I also have had accidents while cooking.
i love rpg computer games. i play tabletop games with friends. I like to play tabletop games with friends. My favorite tabletop game is Dungeons & Dragons. We love detailing all the character stats because it reminds us of RPG video games.
i love rpg computer games. i play tabletop games with friends. I like to play tabletop games with friends. My friends and I love to play D&D.
i love rpg computer games. i play tabletop games with friends. I like to play tabletop games with friends. I prefer interacting with people.
i love watching tv and movies. i like cosplay. I like to watch movies and TV. I love the fantasy lands that tv and movies are often set it.
i love watching tv and movies. i like cosplay. I like to watch movies and TV. I want to be some of the characters.  That is one of the reasons I like cosplay.
i love watching tv and movies. i like cosplay. I like to watch movies and TV. my favorite is anime.
i studied english in college. my dad used to work in law enforcement. I studied english in college. I once majored in English.  My dad told me Id need it for when I become a cop like him.
i studied english in college. my dad used to work in law enforcement. I studied english in college. I decided to become a teacher, and not follow in my dads footsteps.
i studied english in college. my dad used to work in law enforcement. I studied english in college. I couldnt go to college.  My did was in law enforcement and didnt make enough money for tuition.
my job takes most of my time. i really need to go to the gym more. I have to go to the gym to get my job done. I dont even have time to work out.
my job takes most of my time. i really need to go to the gym more. I have to go to the gym to get my job done. The same with my job, and as you can see, I could use some exercise time.  I really need to go to the gym more.
my job takes most of my time. i really need to go to the gym more. I have to go to the gym to get my job done. I work at a gym.
my child is very smart. i work at the zoo. I work at the Zoo. My child wants to become a zoologist.
my child is very smart. i work at the zoo. I work at the Zoo. Smart children are so much fun.  I really enjoy them when they question me when I work at the zoo.
my child is very smart. i work at the zoo. I work at the Zoo. My child is very smart. Hes an animal lover and can name almost every creature in the animal kingdom. Seriously this kid knows more about the subject than I do—and I work at the zoo!
i do not need glasses. i am the opposite of a republican. I dont need glasses. I am the opposite of a republican. I once read a study that claimed democrats wear glasses more than republicans.
i do not need glasses. i am the opposite of a republican. I dont need glasses. I am the opposite of a republican. I think Republicans need glasses in order to take a look at themselves more closely in the mirror.
i do not need glasses. i am the opposite of a republican. I dont need glasses. I am the opposite of a republican. I am a democrat with perfect eyesight.
my favorite place is the mountains. i am a doctor. I like to go to the mountains. Its less stressful there.
i do not make a lot of money. spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun. I dont make a lot of money because I spend an hour beating a map I just stay home and play video games
i do not make a lot of money. spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun. I dont make a lot of money because I spend an hour beating a map I dont have a job so I just play videogames.
i do not make a lot of money. spending an hour or so beating a map in mario sounds fun. I dont make a lot of money because I spend an hour beating a map I dont make much money either.  I sit at home playing mario.
i am very active in the community. i want t o travel and make things. I am very active in the community. I want to travel and make things. I dont want to stay in my community.  I want to travel.
i am very active in the community. i want t o travel and make things. I am very active in the community. I want to travel and make things. I am very active in the community and Ive met some great people. In fact, Im organizing a trip for all of us to go to a nearby artisan community because I want to travel and make things and so do they.
i am very active in the community. i want t o travel and make things. I am very active in the community. I want to travel and make things. I am not involved very much with mine.
i spend a lot of time on my looks. my appearance matters when i am out and about. I like to spend a lot of time on my looks. I spend a lot of time working on my looks and appearances.
i spend a lot of time on my looks. my appearance matters when i am out and about. I like to spend a lot of time on my looks. When I know I’m gonna be out and about I definitely take time to make sure I look good.
i spend a lot of time on my looks. my appearance matters when i am out and about. I like to spend a lot of time on my looks. i usually dont care about how i look when im at home.
i am travelling to italy with a friend. my father has been absent from my lifel. I am travelling to italy with a friend. I traveled to Italy once with my dad.
i am travelling to italy with a friend. my father has been absent from my lifel. I am travelling to italy with a friend. I never travelled much. My father has, but he has been out of my life for a while.
i am travelling to italy with a friend. my father has been absent from my lifel. I am travelling to italy with a friend. My friend is the only one I am close to.
my job is in government relations. i consume a poor diet. I have a poor diet. I want to eat better, but my job is overworking me and Im too stressed to eat my vegetables.
my job is in government relations. i consume a poor diet. I have a poor diet. I am always busy with work and never have time for myself.
my job is in government relations. i consume a poor diet. I have a poor diet. My job is in government relations, which keeps me very busy and its tough to find time to cook good meals so I consume a poor diet.
i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. i follow nick. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes, which I started with my friend Nick who I met when I started to follow Nick online.
i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. i follow nick. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes. Nick is the owner of the cleaning business and hes in charge of my employment, so I do what he says.
i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. i follow nick. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes. I own a cleaning business.  However Nick has more experience so he tells me what to do.
i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. i follow nick. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes. I think Nick owns such a business.
i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. i follow nick. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes. I like watching Nick at Night while cleaning my room.
i am in charge of a business that cleans homes. i follow nick. I am in charge of a business that cleans homes. Nick has been in the business for years.
i have a dog named socks. dancing is my passion. I have a dog named socks. My dogs name is Popcorn and she is my buddy.  I watched Funny Dancing Dogs Compilation on you tube last night since dancing is my passion.
i would eat red meat over fish any day. i am taller than average. I like toeat red meat over fish. My parents say I became really tall because I ate so much red meat growing up.
i would eat red meat over fish any day. i am taller than average. I like toeat red meat over fish. Red meat is healthy for your bones.  I eat it every day and Im taller than most.
i would eat red meat over fish any day. i am taller than average. I like toeat red meat over fish. I have always eaten red meat since childhood.
i am an angry person. i like to go to bars and people watch. I like to go to bars and people watch. I like to pick fights.  It is easy with a drunk person.
i am an angry person. i like to go to bars and people watch. I like to go to bars and people watch. You remind me of this guy at the bar whos always trying to pick fights.
i am an angry person. i like to go to bars and people watch. I like to go to bars and people watch. i get angry sometimes, too. i enjoy going to bars but people often watch me get angry.
i wish that i could be an animal. regular life disappoints me. I wish that I could be an animal. I wish I could be an animal because I just dont feel like I connect with humans very well and I dont know why that is but for some reason regular life disappoints me.
i like to party on the weekends. i like mustard. I like to party on the weekends. I like to use mustard on lunchtime hotdogs during the week at work.
i like to party on the weekends. i like mustard. I like to party on the weekends. I do really enjoy filling my weekends with partying and using mustard, which is my favorite condiment, on absolutely all my food.
i like to party on the weekends. i like mustard. I like to party on the weekends. Mustard is great on the hot dogs I serve at my parties.
i like to party on the weekends. i like mustard. I like to party on the weekends. I love going to peoples parties on the weekends because they always have burgers and hotdogs which go well with mustard.
i like to party on the weekends. i like mustard. I like to party on the weekends. I like parties that start with cookouts.  Hot dogs with mustard are one of my favorite cookout foods.
i really love plants. i have a pet lizard named gila. I love plants. I have a pet lizard named gila. I love plants too! I have several around my house and inside an aquarium, where i have a pet lizard named gila.
i have seen many interesting fish. my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. I have seen many interesting fish. some fish live more than a decade
i have seen many interesting fish. my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. I have seen many interesting fish. My mother and father met on a fishing trip.  They are over one hundred!
i have seen many interesting fish. my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old. I have seen many interesting fish. Fish provides essential oils for seniors. That is why my mom and dad are more than one hundred years old.
i am addicted to the casino. i regularly clean my plate during a meal. I am addicted to the casino. I regularly clean my plate during a meal. I eat all the food on my plate at the casino restaurant.
i am addicted to the casino. i regularly clean my plate during a meal. I am addicted to the casino. I regularly clean my plate during a meal. The only time I didnt clean my plate was when I went gambling in Vegas. There were so many lights in the casino that I got distracted.
i am addicted to the casino. i regularly clean my plate during a meal. I am addicted to the casino. I regularly clean my plate during a meal. I like the casino buffets.
i am addicted to the casino. i regularly clean my plate during a meal. I am addicted to the casino. I regularly clean my plate during a meal. I like the casino too, especially the buffets. Theyre a great deal, especially because I love food and regularly clean my plate during a meal.
i am addicted to the casino. i regularly clean my plate during a meal. I am addicted to the casino. I regularly clean my plate during a meal. I like casino food.
i am addicted to the casino. i regularly clean my plate during a meal. I am addicted to the casino. I regularly clean my plate during a meal. I only go for the buffets.
i have a wife and two kids back in the states. i am not afraid to die. I have a wife and two kids back in the states. They know I love them and are proud of my service to my country.
i have a wife and two kids back in the states. i am not afraid to die. I have a wife and two kids back in the states. I have a family as well and with everything going on in the world I would die for them in a heartbeat because I love them to death.
i love going to the movies. we liked to pretend we were superheroes. I love going to the movies. My favorite movies are the ones with superheroes.
i enjoy the outdoors. i have black hair. I like to have black hair. I enjoy the outdoors and with all the time I spend in the sunlight, I would think my hair would lighten up but to my surprise, still I have black hair.
i like the weird act. i love to perform but now i am employed at a market. I like to perform but I am employed at a market. I like weird performances.  Sometimes I wish I still performed, but I work at a market now.
i like the weird act. i love to perform but now i am employed at a market. I like to perform but I am employed at a market. I had to get my market job because my performances were too weird for general audiences, and I couldnt make enough money.
i like the weird act. i love to perform but now i am employed at a market. I like to perform but I am employed at a market. I used to perform in a circus.
my daughters say i am a great mother. i have a family of three daughters. My daughters say I am a great mother. How many children do you have?
my daughters say i am a great mother. i have a family of three daughters. My daughters say I am a great mother. You must be very proud of your accomplishment.  I know motherhood is hard and challenging since I have a family of three daughters.
i am employed to work with power. i love summer. I am employed to work with power. I have summer break so I can work.
i am employed to work with power. i love summer. I am employed to work with power. I love the summer but we use a lot of power due to the AC running all the time.
i am employed to work with power. i love summer. I am employed to work with power. I also work a part time job in summer with construction crews that put up power lines.
my mother was a teacher. i enjoy cooking. My mother was a teacher. The only thing my mother taught me was how to cook.
i like to take drives in the country. i love to go out to eat with my family. I like to go out to eat with my family. I like drives with the family also.
i love to shove food in my maw. i am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw. I am going on strike. I often stress eat due to the current poor conditions I have regarding my work life.
i love to shove food in my maw. i am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw. I am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw so I spend a lot of money on restaurants. I have to start cutting back though because I am going on strike at my job and wont be making much.
i love to shove food in my maw. i am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw. I am going on strike. Ill be going on a food strike because thats the most effective pressure, to see people starving themselves.
i love to shove food in my maw. i am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw. I am going on strike. They are shutting down the cafe at work.
i love to shove food in my maw. i am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw. I am going on strike. I love food to the point that being a foodie is an expensive hobby of mine, so I hope I can continue to afford nice meals while myself and my co-workers are on strike.
i love to shove food in my maw. i am going on strike. I love to shove food in my maw. I am going on strike. I am joining the picket line at my job and I will have plenty of time to eat all the food I love to eat.
i do not listen to the opinions of most people. i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there. I dont listen to the opinions of most people. I often enter a room only I listen but I can never seem to remember anything.
i do not listen to the opinions of most people. i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there. I dont listen to the opinions of most people. I often enter a room only People tell me I never listen to their opinions, but I do listen, I just forget. Im very forgetful.
i do not listen to the opinions of most people. i often enter a room only to stop and wonder why i came there. I dont listen to the opinions of most people. I often enter a room only I never liked my peers talking to me at school.
i am a female. i love to swim I am a female. I love to swim. I have a daughter.  We like to go swim together.
i learnt to drive. i like making a salmon entree. I like to make salmon entrees. Thats awesome! Recently, Ive started to learn how to cook, is there any dish youre good at making?
i learnt to drive. i like making a salmon entree. I like to make salmon entrees. I had a rough night sleeping in my new bed last night.
i learnt to drive. i like making a salmon entree. I like to make salmon entrees. I just learned to drive too. last night I drove to the store to pick up some salmon - its my favorite fish. I make a great salmon entree.
i have a pet bird. i wish my hair would not fall out. I have a pet bird. I have an eagle thats as bald as me.
i have a pet bird. i wish my hair would not fall out. I have a pet bird. Having pets stresses me out.  It makes my hair fall out and I hate that.
i have a pet bird. i wish my hair would not fall out. I have a pet bird. I used to have a bird, until I started having kids.  Pregnancy and kids caused me to lose a lot of things, like my hair.
my newest career has taught me to be social. i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are. I am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are. I enjoy talking to people and making new friends.
my newest career has taught me to be social. i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are. I am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are. in social situations people say I am very honest
my newest career has taught me to be social. i am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are. I am a very open and truthful person who takes things as they are. My neeest car has taight me to be social which is perfect since im open and honest.
i do not know my real parents. i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection. I dont know my real parents. I tend to be cold hearted when it comes My parents were very loving.
i do not know my real parents. i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection. I dont know my real parents. I tend to be cold hearted when it comes I was adopted too.  It makes me a bit cold hearted.
i do not know my real parents. i tend to be cold hearted when it comes to affection. I dont know my real parents. I tend to be cold hearted when it comes I grew up without any family.
my mom is a painter. my favorite sport is hockey. My mom is a painter. She painted my playing my favorite sport.
my mom is a painter. my favorite sport is hockey. My mom is a painter. Im not very artistic. Instead, I prefer playing sports.
my parent is a music shaker. i like art and animals. My parents are a music shaker. My parents make music while I draw my pets.
my parent is a music shaker. i like art and animals. My parents are a music shaker. Mine paints dogs.
my parent is a music shaker. i like art and animals. My parents are a music shaker. My parents like music too.  Im more into art and animals though.
i buy too many clothes. nature really refreshes me. I buy too many clothes. When I am not shopping I am out in nature.
i buy too many clothes. nature really refreshes me. I buy too many clothes. Ive been buying new outdoors clothes for going into nature and I think I bought too many. There are so many options.
i buy too many clothes. nature really refreshes me. I buy too many clothes. I stupidly over do it on clothes.  I realize this when I go on nature walks and enjoy natures beauty.
i am a graduate student. i am in between classes. I am a graduate student. We have some free time between courses.
i am a graduate student. i am in between classes. I am a graduate student. I havent finished all of my schooling, yet.
i have prior agriculture experience. i am a mom. I have a lot of experience in agriculture. My parents were farmers.
i have prior agriculture experience. i am a mom. I have a lot of experience in agriculture. I used to work on a farm too.  I am a mom now though.
i have prior agriculture experience. i am a mom. I have a lot of experience in agriculture. I quit my job when I got pregnant.
i have a pet kitten. i am a waitress at a restaurant. I have a pet kitten. Im waitressing because I need to support a pet I recently adopted.
i have a pet kitten. i am a waitress at a restaurant. I have a pet kitten. I have had various pets since I was a kid. Some people even enjoy pets enough to consider a career/lifestyle centered around them.
i have a pet kitten. i am a waitress at a restaurant. I have a pet kitten. I wish I could spend all day with her but I have to work.
i went out for the government. i know a lot about machinery. I went out for the government. I know a lot about machinery. I know nothing about politics.
i went out for the government. i know a lot about machinery. I went out for the government. I know a lot about machinery. Our factory is funded by the government.
i went out for the government. i know a lot about machinery. I went out for the government. I know a lot about machinery. I work for a private company.  I work with machinery.
my clan backs up. i enjoy dance. I like dancing. My family is supportive of me as well. I am joining a dance competition and they are all going to come and support me.
my clan backs up. i enjoy dance. I like dancing. Clan of something interesting?
my clan backs up. i enjoy dance. I like dancing. I do not belong to any clan but I enjoy a traditional dance that my grandmother taught me.
i had a tough childhood. i am the oldest of 3 children. I have a tough childhood. I am the oldest of 3 children. I remember growing up too.  I had two younger siblings.
i had a tough childhood. i am the oldest of 3 children. I have a tough childhood. I am the oldest of 3 children. Im sorry.  I kind of did too, always babysitting, as I am the oldest of 3 children.
i had a tough childhood. i am the oldest of 3 children. I have a tough childhood. I am the oldest of 3 children. My childhood was more bearable because I was an only child.
i participate in karate as an extracurricular. abby is a wonderful person. I like to go to karate as an extracurricular. My friend Abby takes a karate class.  Abby is a wonderful person.
i participate in karate as an extracurricular. abby is a wonderful person. I like to go to karate as an extracurricular. I believe abby practices martial arts as well.
i participate in karate as an extracurricular. abby is a wonderful person. I like to go to karate as an extracurricular. I met Abby at karate.
i like to drink tea. i like to eat hard boiled eggs. I like to drink tea. Tea is good and I find food goes well with tea.
 a long time ago , i had a lot of pets. i have a hard time seeing. I have a lot of pets. A long time ago, I had a lot of pets but these days, I only have my guide dog because I have a hard time seeing.
 a long time ago , i had a lot of pets. i have a hard time seeing. I have a lot of pets. My only pet is a service dog because a degenerative illness makes it difficult for me to see.
 a long time ago , i had a lot of pets. i have a hard time seeing. I have a lot of pets. I used to have some pets, but its hard to take care of them now because Im going blind.
i study in college. my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children. I have a couple of twin children. I never went to college -- have more of a focus on relationships and such than just clout or educational attainment standards.
i study in college. my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children. I have a couple of twin children. I am studying hard to become a writer like my husband.
i study in college. my hubby rights books and we have a pair of twin children. I have a couple of twin children. I hope to get a good job when I am done with college.
my spouse is a businessmen. i have been at the er forever. My spouse is a businessman. my husband works as a doctor
my spouse is a businessmen. i have been at the er forever. My spouse is a businessman. She paid for my hospital bills.
my spouse is a businessmen. i have been at the er forever. My spouse is a businessman. My spouse if having an operation.  Ive been here at the ER forever.
i have a lot of children. i am a ninja. I have a lot of children. I only have one kid, how do you take time for yourself with so many kids?
i have a lot of children. i am a ninja. I have a lot of children. I teach kids martial arts.  Im a ninja.
i have a lot of children. i am a ninja. I have a lot of children. My children are enrolled in karate classes.
i wish to build a home on the sand. i like meeting new people. I like to meet new people. I would like to live on an island, but I like meeting new people.
i wish to build a home on the sand. i like meeting new people. I like to meet new people. I would like a beach house where I can host many parties.
i wish to build a home on the sand. i like meeting new people. I like to meet new people. I enjoy working with habitats for humanity.
i am next in line to become queen of england. i have five cats. I am next in line to become queen of england. As a joke, I named my cats after the famous kings and queens of history.
i am next in line to become queen of england. i have five cats. I am next in line to become queen of england. my cats will also be important royalty.
i am next in line to become queen of england. i have five cats. I am next in line to become queen of england. i have five cats and am next in line to become queen of england.
i exercise everyday. i eat large meals. I exercise everyday. I eat large meals. I have black hair.
i exercise everyday. i eat large meals. I exercise everyday. I eat large meals. I eat a lot of calories to keep up
i exercise everyday. i eat large meals. I exercise everyday. I eat large meals. Exercise requires a lot of calories.
i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. as a kid i lived in southern united states. I love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. i love souther food myself
i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. as a kid i lived in southern united states. I love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. I always liked eating fish.  I lived on the southern Gulf Coast in the US.
i love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. as a kid i lived in southern united states. I love ethnic foods as long as they are not fishy. Fish is something Im familiar with.  Ate it all the time when as a kid I lived in southern United States.
making cookies is fun. my mom was an educator. I was a teacher. I like making cookies also and teaching people how to make cookies.
making cookies is fun. my mom was an educator. I was a teacher. Making cookies is fun. I learned how to do it from my mom. She used to whip up batches of them all the time for the kids in her class. Oh, did I mention that my mom was an educator?
making cookies is fun. my mom was an educator. I was a teacher. I love teaching my child how to make cookies.
my dad works on cars. when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished. I like to keep my items on shelves. My dad also owns a store.
my dad works on cars. when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished. I like to keep my items on shelves. My dad works in a store.  He stocks the shelves.
my dad works on cars. when items become low on shelves i make sure they are replenished. I like to keep my items on shelves. I used to work in an auto shop.
i have to drink dairy free milk. breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish. I have to drink dairy free milk. I drink dairy free milk with breaded tilapia.
i have to drink dairy free milk. breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish. I have to drink dairy free milk. I usually have a glass of milk on the side of my meal.
i have to drink dairy free milk. breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish. I have to drink dairy free milk. I have to drink dairy free milk because I have a sensitive stomach. But Im fortunate that eating fish doesnt bother me because breaded tilapia is my favorite dinner dish.
i like the taste of cheese. i hate to drive. I like to drive. I need to go get more. I just hate to drive though.
i like the taste of cheese. i hate to drive. I like to drive. I love Star Wars.
i like the taste of cheese. i hate to drive. I like to drive. Theres a cheese factory in my area but I hate to drive so I never go there.
i have a parent who is from the soviet. i try to be too fit. I have a parent who is from the soviet. All of the Soviet Olympians were very fit and good at their sports. I try to be fit too, but Im not as fit as they were.
i have a parent who is from the soviet. i try to be too fit. I have a parent who is from the soviet. They raised me to always exercise.
i have a parent who is from the soviet. i try to be too fit. I have a parent who is from the soviet. I heard the soviets were very fit.
i own 3 cats. i love candy. I have a lot of cats. My cats love jelly beans.
i own 3 cats. i love candy. I have a lot of cats. I only have one cat! I am going to go to the store to pick up some candy, do you like candy?
i have no clue who my father is. i work outside on taxis. I have no clue who my father is. I work outside on taxis. I wonder if my father liked to work on taxis too.
i have no clue who my father is. i work outside on taxis. I have no clue who my father is. I work outside on taxis. I have no clue who my father is, but my uncle has always been very supportive. He owns a cab company and because of him, I work outside on taxis.
i have no clue who my father is. i work outside on taxis. I have no clue who my father is. I work outside on taxis. I never knew my dad and always wonder if hes ever been in my cab.
i like to have a beer. i joined a reading group. I like to have a beer. I like drinking while reading.
i like to have a beer. i joined a reading group. I like to have a beer. I need to drink with smart people though.
i like to have a beer. i joined a reading group. I like to have a beer. I gave up drinking because it was all I did. I needed to make changes.
i am taking online classes. i have a little girl. I am taking online classes. which online classes? i want to enroll my little girl in some
 i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise. i only need to be with my partner. I have a background in my work and I only need to be with my partner. I hate when other people get raises.  My partner makes me feel better though.
 i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise. i only need to be with my partner. I have a background in my work and I only need to be with my partner. I quit my job.
 i have background in my line of work , another employee got the raise. i only need to be with my partner. I have a background in my work and I only need to be with my partner. My partner just got a raise at her place of employment, so shell be able to support both of us.
i stay home and take care of the kids. people call me weird names. I have a lot of kids. I feel like an outcast when I stay at home too much
i stay home and take care of the kids. people call me weird names. I have a lot of kids. I live homestead style of life and stay home all the time, but people call me weird names.
i stay home and take care of the kids. people call me weird names. I have a lot of kids. Oh that must be really nice for you! Does anyone say anything about you being a stay at home father?
i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks. i do not have a girlfriend. I can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks. Since Im single, Ive had a lot more free time to do my own hobbies, like writing in my notebook and drawing.
i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks. i do not have a girlfriend. I can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks. I can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks. Sometimes I neglect people in my life because of it which is why I do not have a girlfriend at the moment.
i can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks. i do not have a girlfriend. I can spend hours and hours scribing in my notebooks. I have time to scribe in my notebooks since I dont have a girlfriend.
i like bears. i enjoy surfing. I like bears. i prefer ocean animals
i like bears. i enjoy surfing. I like bears. I like bears. Dont you think theyre the cutest? Have you ever seen one surf? I saw a video of one doing that, which looks like so much fun. Of course, I enjoy surfing so why shouldnt they?
i like bears. i enjoy surfing. I like bears. Bears are interesting creatures but I love the ocean.
helping heal people is my profession. my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. I work in a hospital taking care of others. Oh thats great, what area do you specialize in? Does your spouse also work in medicine?
helping heal people is my profession. my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. I work in a hospital taking care of others. My spouse helps the doctors at the hospital heal people who are sick, and gets great joy from it.
helping heal people is my profession. my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. I work in a hospital taking care of others. I work as a psychologist.
helping heal people is my profession. my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. I work in a hospital taking care of others. Helping people is good,  My spouse helps people in the hospital.
helping heal people is my profession. my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. I work in a hospital taking care of others. You are similar to my wife.  My spouse works in a hospital taking care of others.
helping heal people is my profession. my spouse works in a hospital taking care of others. I work in a hospital taking care of others. i always admired people who help others
on weekends i like to go hiking. i just graduated college. I like to go hiking on weekends. I just graduated college. I love to go swimming.
on weekends i like to go hiking. i just graduated college. I like to go hiking on weekends. I just graduated college. I used to hike near my college.  I actually just graduated college.
on weekends i like to go hiking. i just graduated college. I like to go hiking on weekends. I just graduated college. I used to go hiking on the weekends when I was in college, but I just graduated.
i spend a lot of time on my boat. fish is my favorite food. I like to fish. I like to catch my own dinner.
i spend a lot of time on my boat. fish is my favorite food. I like to fish. I get really seasick. I do enjoy fishing though.
i spend a lot of time on my boat. fish is my favorite food. I like to fish. I go fishing a lot, but I dont have a boat of my own and have to borrow my friends canoe.
i have 3 cats. i am an only child. I have 3 cats. I have 3 cats as well! I grew up with cats instead of siblings because I am an only child.
i have 3 cats. i am an only child. I have 3 cats. To keep me company, my parents bought me a bunch of pet cats to play with instead of siblings.
i have 3 cats. i am an only child. I have 3 cats. They are my family.
i am good at yarn crafts. i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks. I like to make salty rod shaped snacks. I like to snack while crafting
i am good at yarn crafts. i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks. I like to make salty rod shaped snacks. They keep my hands busy so I dont eat as often.
i am good at yarn crafts. i like consuming salty rod shaped snacks. I like to make salty rod shaped snacks. When Im home on weekends I have nothing to do and snack because Im bored. I should take up crafts so I stop eating so much.
i spend a lot of time watching tv. i love being with freezing water. I like to watch TV. I enjoy drinking cups of freezing water when Im relaxing at the end of the day watching television.
i spend a lot of time watching tv. i love being with freezing water. I like to watch TV. I watch skiing shows.
i spend a lot of time watching tv. i love being with freezing water. I like to watch TV. My furnace stopped working and it was freezing in my house.  I was watching TV with a thick blanket around me on my couch.
i have two siberian huskies. i play guitar. I have two siberian huskies. Wow! I dont have any pets because I play drums and dont want to scare them.
i have two siberian huskies. i play guitar. I have two siberian huskies. I have a few dogs myself and they love to come lay down next to me when Im playing the guitar.
i am very good at math and science. i love computers. I am very good at math and science. My enjoyment of math and science lead me to use that skill in computer science as well.
i like different reptiles. i do not like people very much. I like different reptiles. I prefer animals over people.
i like different reptiles. i do not like people very much. I like different reptiles. Unlike reptiles, human have emotions. Thats I why do not like people very much.
i like different reptiles. i do not like people very much. I like different reptiles. Me too; reptiles are warmer, in a sense, than people.
my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. i am a swimmer and started as a kid. I like to wear warm and bright clothes that have warm and bright tones. That sounds like the colors I wear on my swimsuit.  Ive been swimming since I was a kid.
my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. i am a swimmer and started as a kid. I like to wear warm and bright clothes that have warm and bright tones. I always stand out in the pool because my swimsuit is a bright and warm color.
my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. i am a swimmer and started as a kid. I like to wear warm and bright clothes that have warm and bright tones. I just bought a new bright swimsuit.
my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. i am a swimmer and started as a kid. I like to wear warm and bright clothes that have warm and bright tones. I used to have a very bright and colorful swimsuit.
my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. i am a swimmer and started as a kid. I like to wear warm and bright clothes that have warm and bright tones. The kind of colors you find on swimwear.  I am a swimmer and started as a kid.
my favorite clothes that have warm and bright tones. i am a swimmer and started as a kid. I like to wear warm and bright clothes that have warm and bright tones. I save my bright color wearing for my bathing suits.
in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career. i have been dating my significant other for a long time. I have a lot of friends. My boyfriend is a geologist, so I know what you mean. The two of us, weve been together forever!
in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career. i have been dating my significant other for a long time. I have a lot of friends. I met my current boyfriend at college in a geology class.
in the south studying the earth and rocks can be a career. i have been dating my significant other for a long time. I have a lot of friends. I met my partner while I was taking a hike and looking at rocks.
there are weeks that i work almost every single day. i can not drink milk. I work every week and I cant drink milk. I work at a dairy farm.
there are weeks that i work almost every single day. i can not drink milk. I work every week and I cant drink milk. Not being able to drink milk is a problem because I work every single day on a farm milking cows.
there are weeks that i work almost every single day. i can not drink milk. I work every week and I cant drink milk. I work a lot too, in a yogurt shop. Too bad Im lactose intolerant. I cant even drink milk.
i want to learn self defense. i want to go back to school. I want to learn self defense. I want to go back to school. Self defense builds up my confidence and I am not afraid of bully at school. Thats why I want to go back to school.
i have a dead sibling. i serve at the davenport lounge. I have a dead sibling. I serve at the davenport lounge. I have a dead sibling, which is tough on me. We used to work together and I really miss doing that, but I still serve at the Davenport Lounge.
i have a dead sibling. i serve at the davenport lounge. I have a dead sibling. I serve at the davenport lounge. Im so sorry. What happened? Or where do you work, we can discuss this over dinner.
i have a dead sibling. i serve at the davenport lounge. I have a dead sibling. I serve at the davenport lounge. I work at a restaurant to fill my time.
i feel large. i like to sketch. I like to sketch. I love being a large person.  It makes me about as unique as my sketching hobby makes me.
i feel large. i like to sketch. I like to sketch. I think people stare at me when I go out. Thats why I like to spend time alone sketching.
i feel large. i like to sketch. I like to sketch. The problem with my sketches is that I always draw characters too large for their surroundings.
i am quarterback for the patriots. i cruise in a rebuilt sports car. I am quarterback for the patriots. I used to chaffeur professional sports athletes.
i am quarterback for the patriots. i cruise in a rebuilt sports car. I am quarterback for the patriots. I bought a car from a Patriot.
i am quarterback for the patriots. i cruise in a rebuilt sports car. I am quarterback for the patriots. I can finally afford all the sports car modifications I want because I won a lot of money playing fantasy football.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My friend used to give me home grown tomatoes, but I havent seen him in two years.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My husband is a vegan.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My friend went to go get veggies
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My mother used to give me home grown veggies, but I havent seen her in two years.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My husband is an excellent gardener.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My ex and I loved home grown vegetables.  Unfortunately, thats all we had in common, and I have not seen him in 24 months.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My boyfriend was really into his organic garden.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My son used to grow vegetables.
home grown vegetables are better for you. i have not seen him for 24 months. I havent seen him for 24 months. My brother has a veggie garden, but I havent seen him in two years.
i enjoy walking my canine friend. i own a pet reptile. I like to walk my canine friend. I like animals and have a few different kinds of pets.
i enjoy walking my canine friend. i own a pet reptile. I like to walk my canine friend. I dont just have dogs, I also have other types of pets.
i enjoy walking my canine friend. i own a pet reptile. I like to walk my canine friend. How nice! I am an animal lover myself—in fact, I have a pet reptile at home!
i enjoy reading books. i like seafood. I like to read books. I get a lot of reading done when I go fishing, which I love to do. I fish constantly because I really enjoy seafood.
i enjoy reading books. i like seafood. I like to read books. I have a few books about cooking fish.
i enjoy reading books. i like seafood. I like to read books. When I read, I sometimes like to snack.
the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons. i work bagging food. I like to pick a crayon from the box of crayons. I wish I could make art for a living.
the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons. i work bagging food. I like to pick a crayon from the box of crayons. I like to color with midday sky crayon when not working.
the light midday sky is what i like to pick from the box of crayons. i work bagging food. I like to pick a crayon from the box of crayons. It is nice to dream sometimes, isnt it? I do enjoy envisioning about future plans/options.
my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type. i like to take strolls in nature. I like to play multiplayer online battle arenas. i sometimes like taking a break from the computer.
my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type. i like to take strolls in nature. I like to play multiplayer online battle arenas. Sometimes I have to remind myself to put the games down and go outside.
my favorite time of game are the multiplayer online battle arena type. i like to take strolls in nature. I like to play multiplayer online battle arenas. I have to get outside after playing hours of a video game.
i get around in a jaguar. i am an elderly male. I am an elderly male. Is that a midlife-crisis car?  I think its too late for me, as I am an elderly male.
i get around in a jaguar. i am an elderly male. I am an elderly male. Lots of older guys drive jaguars.
i get around in a jaguar. i am an elderly male. I am an elderly male. I dont need a fancy car.  Im too old of a man for that.
my mom and dad live up north by hollywood. my radio is usually tuned into a country station. My mom and dad live up north by hollywood. I listen to music when I go visit them.
my mom and dad live up north by hollywood. my radio is usually tuned into a country station. My mom and dad live up north by hollywood. Though I grew up in hollywood, I am more of a country person and my radio is usually tuned into a country station.
my mom and dad live up north by hollywood. my radio is usually tuned into a country station. My mom and dad live up north by hollywood. My parents live out in the desert. The only radio station I can pick up out there is country. I just keep it tuned to the station these days.
i am allergic to cats. i love to have my nails done. I have a lot of nails done. I usually get a stuffy nose when around a nail salon.
i am allergic to cats. i love to have my nails done. I have a lot of nails done. that sucks. do you know if theyre allergic to nails, which i love to have done?
dolls are fun to play with. my child cannot see. I have a child who cannot see. I help my blind child learn about things by using educational dolls he can touch.
dolls are fun to play with. my child cannot see. I have a child who cannot see. My daughter enjoys feeling the facial features on her dolls.
dolls are fun to play with. my child cannot see. I have a child who cannot see. Dolls are fun to play with and my daughter enjoys the feel and the softness of them, too, which is good because my child cannot see.
i like to go to the casino on weekends. i am a financial analyst for a brewery. I like to go to the casino on weekends. Ive seen how people have gone out of control with their money. I think thats why I developed an interest in being a financial analyst, in my case for a brewery.
i like to go to the casino on weekends. i am a financial analyst for a brewery. I like to go to the casino on weekends. I just cant bring myself to use money that way.
my husband was a career soldier. i am a senior citizen. Im a senior citizen. My husband was a soldier when we were younger.  We are both senior citizens now though.
my husband was a career soldier. i am a senior citizen. Im a senior citizen. im a senior citizen, but my husband was a career soldier.
i am not a good artist. i like soccer. I like soccer. To be a good artist, one needs the talent. Although I dont have the talent of sport, I like soccer.
i have not done anything since high school. i love chickens. I havent done anything since high school. I love chickens. After high school we spent several years working on the farm, we had a lot of corn fields and more chickens than I could count.
i have not done anything since high school. i love chickens. I havent done anything since high school. I love chickens. Ive only done farming, because i love chickens.
i have not done anything since high school. i love chickens. I havent done anything since high school. I love chickens. I just hang out on my fathers farm
i enjoy eating cow products. i wake up early daily. I like toeat cow products. I wake up early daily. I like to drink coffee early in the morning.
i enjoy eating cow products. i wake up early daily. I like toeat cow products. I wake up early daily. Yes, one of my favorite foods is bacon! I always have a hearty breakfast as the sun is coming up!
i enjoy eating cow products. i wake up early daily. I like toeat cow products. I wake up early daily. I eat cow made sausage for breakfast in the morning.
i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months. i have graduates who come to see what i have been up to. I have a lot of time with my significant other. I am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months because Ill finally be retiring from my teaching job. Im going to miss it a lot because I always get close to my students. Believe it or not, years and years later, I have graduates who come to see what I have been up to.
i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months. i have graduates who come to see what i have been up to. I have a lot of time with my significant other. I only spend time with my lover.
i am going to have so much free time with my significant other in 12 months. i have graduates who come to see what i have been up to. I have a lot of time with my significant other. Im not married, but I know what you mean about free time after graduation.
older musical films are the best. i spend a lot of time using my xbox. I like to play a lot of music. I dont even need a VCR to watch them.
older musical films are the best. i spend a lot of time using my xbox. I like to play a lot of music. I like newer technology.  I like to play my xBox.
older musical films are the best. i spend a lot of time using my xbox. I like to play a lot of music. I watch musicals on my game console.
i like to go out to eat. i am often late for class. I like to go out to eat. I am often late for class. I go out for breakfast every school day.  Because of this I am often late for class.
i like to go out to eat. i am often late for class. I like to go out to eat. I am often late for class. I dont like waking up early.
my best friends are felines. i have way too many kittens. I have a lot of kittens. I live in a house full of kittens and I love all of them.
my best friends are felines. i have way too many kittens. I have a lot of kittens. My best friends are felines and I cant get enough of them. As a result, I have too many kittens.
my best friends are felines. i have way too many kittens. I have a lot of kittens. People make fun of me for being a cat lady but I think of all my kittens as either my children or my best friends.
i like to grow things. my mom stays upstairs. I like to grow things. My mom stays upstairs. I have never had much a green thumb, nor did my parents.
i like to grow things. my mom stays upstairs. I like to grow things. My mom stays upstairs. I have a garden at home, but my mom never sees it because she stays upstairs
i like to grow things. my mom stays upstairs. I like to grow things. My mom stays upstairs. I have so many plants in the living room that there is no space.
i enjoy learning. i like to absorb written materials. I like to learn from my students. Many people learn best by reading, but some learn best by doing.
i enjoy learning. i like to absorb written materials. I like to learn from my students. I am always seeking to gain knowledge.  One method I use is absorbing written materials.
i enjoy learning. i like to absorb written materials. I like to learn from my students. Learning is fun to me.  I can absorb written material like a sponge.
i have been alive for three decades. i have 5 pets. I have been alive for three decades. I have 5 pets. Three decades is a blessing; and, to think, if you had a pet bird, some of them easily live thirty years or longer.  I love birds and have added one to my pets that I have.
i have been alive for three decades. i have 5 pets. I have been alive for three decades. I have 5 pets. I am a 30 year old owner of 5 pets.
i have been alive for three decades. i have 5 pets. I have been alive for three decades. I have 5 pets. I have been alive for three decades and Ive always had pets ever since I was a kid. I have 5 pets right now and I love them.
i prefer the night instead of the day. i have woman calling me all the time. I prefer the night instead of the day. I like the night time too.  I go on a lot of dates at night and have women calling me all the time.
i prefer the night instead of the day. i have woman calling me all the time. I prefer the night instead of the day. I am always around women at night.
i prefer the night instead of the day. i have woman calling me all the time. I prefer the night instead of the day. I always take the women out on dates at night because I think the night is more romantic than the day and I prefer it for dating.
i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. i have chick. I love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. I use eggs from my own farm.
i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. i have chick. I love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. My chicks favorite breakfast is fluffy pancakes and hotcakes.
i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. i have chick. I love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. I eat pancakes and feed them to my baby chick.
i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. i have chick. I love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. Alone I would avoiding eating too often since it can become overeating.
i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. i have chick. I love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. I like to make pancakes for my girlfriend in the morning.
i love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. i have chick. I love to eat fluffy hotcakes in the morning. I eat fluffy hotcakes with my chick.
i like to rock. i am a competitive swimmer. I like to rock. I am a competitive swimmer. i play music when I am not swimming.
i like to rock. i am a competitive swimmer. I like to rock. I am a competitive swimmer. I love playing the rock guitar.  When I dont do that I am a swimmer.
i like to rock. i am a competitive swimmer. I like to rock. I am a competitive swimmer. I do too, but really prefer a wider range of different hobbies for the novelty aspect of it.
i wish my kids behaved better. my number one priority are my parents and siblings. I wish my kids behaved better. My parents and siblings are my priority since my kids are spoiled brats.
i wish my kids behaved better. my number one priority are my parents and siblings. I wish my kids behaved better. I have given up on them now that they are adults.
i wish my kids behaved better. my number one priority are my parents and siblings. I wish my kids behaved better. Is there anything that you can do to teach them? What about asking your parents to help or something?
i am employed at waffle house restaurant. my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life. I am employed at waffle house restaurant. I later found out my mother was working at a waffle house in another state.
i am employed at waffle house restaurant. my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life. I am employed at waffle house restaurant. I invested in bitcoin and made a ton of wealth
i am employed at waffle house restaurant. my mother suffered a mental breakdown when i was a toddler and she disappeared from my life. I am employed at waffle house restaurant. I had a minor incident where I work.
i coordinate events. i loved the idea of building houses as a kid. I like to organize events. I could never set up an event.  I love building houses though.
i coordinate events. i loved the idea of building houses as a kid. I like to organize events. I tried to become a builder when I was older, but I couldnt figure to how to coordinate all the construction workers at the site and failed.
i coordinate events. i loved the idea of building houses as a kid. I like to organize events. I wish that I was an architect instead.
i make sure that i have some armament with me. i can mimic a lot of different voices. I have a lot of armament with me. Too bad each gun doesnt have a special sound to it, other than just a degree of blast or popping sounds.
i make sure that i have some armament with me. i can mimic a lot of different voices. I have a lot of armament with me. I went into the military with this skill because I allowed me to mimic the enemys voices and sneak into their ranks with my armament.
i make sure that i have some armament with me. i can mimic a lot of different voices. I have a lot of armament with me. Why, are you in danger or something? Or is it just a hobby? Do you have any other hobbies?
farms have cool animals. my parents own there own compnay. My parents own there own compnay. we own a farm
farms have cool animals. my parents own there own compnay. My parents own there own compnay. I used to work on a farm.  My parents owned it.
farms have cool animals. my parents own there own compnay. My parents own there own compnay. I kind of own a farm.
i live in the desert. i instruct people how to get fit as a job. I live in the desert and I teach people how to get fit as a job. Thats cool, what kind of work do you do in the desert?
i live in the desert. i instruct people how to get fit as a job. I live in the desert and I teach people how to get fit as a job. I used to live in the desert.  I moved getting a job helping people get a job.
i live in the desert. i instruct people how to get fit as a job. I live in the desert and I teach people how to get fit as a job. I take people out on long desert hikes because the heat helps people sweat away the extra pounds.
i live in the desert. i instruct people how to get fit as a job. I live in the desert and I teach people how to get fit as a job. Not many job opportunities in the desert.
i live in the desert. i instruct people how to get fit as a job. I live in the desert and I teach people how to get fit as a job. I work with people in the wilderness.
i live in the desert. i instruct people how to get fit as a job. I live in the desert and I teach people how to get fit as a job. I got started as an instructor by taking groups of people jogging through the desert, because the heat helps them sweat away the pounds.
i like to race rc cars. i love to eat fish. I like to race rc cars. I love when it rains.
i like to race rc cars. i love to eat fish. I like to race rc cars. Rc racing is my favorite hobby along with fishing.
i like to race rc cars. i love to eat fish. I like to race rc cars. i like to race rc cars and eat fish
my dad worked with money. i finished school. I was a student at the school. Dad paid my way through college.
my dad worked with money. i finished school. I was a student at the school. You make lots of money if you graduate from college.
my dad worked with money. i finished school. I was a student at the school. My dad was an accountant.  I finished school and went to college for business.
i am an avid runner. my favorite sport is basketball. I am an avid runner. I run when i play different sports.
i am an avid runner. my favorite sport is basketball. I am an avid runner. I like to exercise and play sports, but dont enjoy running at all. I like to lift weights and my favorite sport is basketball.
i am a server at a food place. i eat greasy foods. I am a server at a food place. I would hate working with food constantly around me -- too tempting to eat too much fats!
i am a server at a food place. i eat greasy foods. I am a server at a food place. I am a server at a food place. Its kind of a dive, but they give me free meals so I have to admit that I eat greasy foods.
i am a server at a food place. i eat greasy foods. I am a server at a food place. I eat greasy food during lunch break at the restaurant I work at.
i am starting a new activity. i enjoy the writing of jk rowling. I am starting a new activity. I like the writing of jk rowling. I want to become an author.
i am starting a new activity. i enjoy the writing of jk rowling. I am starting a new activity. I like the writing of jk rowling. I am, too—I read a new book every month. This month, Im checking out J.K. Rowling.
i am starting a new activity. i enjoy the writing of jk rowling. I am starting a new activity. I like the writing of jk rowling. I like to read books in my free time.
i am starting a new activity. i enjoy the writing of jk rowling. I am starting a new activity. I like the writing of jk rowling. I like when I start new books.  I really like those written by JK Rowling.
i am starting a new activity. i enjoy the writing of jk rowling. I am starting a new activity. I like the writing of jk rowling. Ive never read the Harry Potter books, so Im going to start reading them finally.
i am starting a new activity. i enjoy the writing of jk rowling. I am starting a new activity. I like the writing of jk rowling. I am starting a new activity, which consists of analyzing all the Harry Potter books because I enjoy the writing of JK Rowling.
i am starting a new activity. i enjoy the writing of jk rowling. I am starting a new activity. I like the writing of jk rowling. I read lots of books.
i am starting a new activity. i enjoy the writing of jk rowling. I am starting a new activity. I like the writing of jk rowling. Im staying with my same leisure time activity, reading.  I especially enjoy the writing of JK Rowling.
i am starting a new activity. i enjoy the writing of jk rowling. I am starting a new activity. I like the writing of jk rowling. I have started up rereading old books.
my mom is an artist. i would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day. I like to play guitar while I am still a musician. Thats wonderful, to be paid to be creative.  My job is boring; I would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day.
my mom is an artist. i would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day. I like to play guitar while I am still a musician. You can make lots of money as an agent in the art industry.
my mom is an artist. i would much rather get paid to play my guitar all day. I like to play guitar while I am still a musician. Thats great if she can make a living at it.
i am a very vain person. i am very self conscious. I am a very vain person. I am very self conscious. I think i do not look good without makeup.
i am a very vain person. i am very self conscious. I am a very vain person. I am very self conscious. I dont like standing out too much
i am a very vain person. i am very self conscious. I am a very vain person. I am very self conscious. Im the opposite, having a lot of insecurities.
i like to read historical information. i am a ballerina. I like to read historical information. Learning about history is exciting especially when it deals with the theater.
i like to read historical information. i am a ballerina. I like to read historical information. The history of ballet and ballerinas is particularly fascinating, and one of the reasons I got into ballet.
i like to read historical information. i am a ballerina. I like to read historical information. Thats cool, why are you so interested in the history of dance?
the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks. i enjoy flying a kite. I like to fly a kite. When we are not watching sports we often do outdoor activities
the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks. i enjoy flying a kite. I like to fly a kite. What does that mean? They just want to see black people? Do you have any hobbies, I like to draw.
the person living next door visits my house to see the all blacks. i enjoy flying a kite. I like to fly a kite. But Im not great at kite flying, because I always lose my kite in my next door neighbors yard and I think hes starting to get annoyed with me.
i love to eat meat. i never go traveling with anyone. I love to eat meat. I never go to travel with anyone. I want to travel around the world to try different meats.
i love to eat meat. i never go traveling with anyone. I love to eat meat. I never go to travel with anyone. Im a vegetarian. No one ever wants to travel with me because I dont enjoy local meat dishes, so I end up traveling alone.
i love to eat meat. i never go traveling with anyone. I love to eat meat. I never go to travel with anyone. Eating meat is great!  However my friends are vegan, so I go and explore the worlds foods alone.
i have 12 children. i have bright weave. I have 12 children. My kids dress me up in funny ways.
i have 12 children. i have bright weave. I have 12 children. My son recently got his hair done at a new salon.
i have 12 children. i have bright weave. I have 12 children. I dont have any kids.  If I did, I wouldnt be able to afford my bright weave.
my father is dead. i play piano. I play piano. I played the piano at my fathers funeral.
my father is dead. i play piano. I play piano. He taught me a love for music.
my father is dead. i play piano. I play piano. My father is dead, which makes me sad because he taught me everything I know, like my musical skill, which you would really see when I play piano!
i like meat too much. i want to be a vegetarian. I like meat too much. I want to be a vegetarian. I do too, even though I want to stop eating it. Id rather be vegetarian.
i like meat too much. i want to be a vegetarian. I like meat too much. I want to be a vegetarian. Meat has been ruining my health and I need to get to eating more vegetarian.
i am employed with a tv crew making educational material. outside activities such as hiking are my favorites. I am employed with a tv crew making educational material. I enjoy hiking so much that Ive started to make educational films about hiking safety.
i am employed with a tv crew making educational material. outside activities such as hiking are my favorites. I am employed with a tv crew making educational material. I have many things I like to do when I get off
i am employed with a tv crew making educational material. outside activities such as hiking are my favorites. I am employed with a tv crew making educational material. You should make educational material about the outdoors.
i am in school. i work 2 jobs. I work 2 jobs. I wish Id paid more attention in school so I could get a good job. Nowadays I work two jobs just to make ends meet.
i am in school. i work 2 jobs. I work 2 jobs. I have a partial scholarship but I still need to buy books and I have living expenses.  So to pay for everything I work 2 jobs.
i am in school. i work 2 jobs. I work 2 jobs. School is very expensive.
we own several dogs. my mother works in healthcare. My mother works in healthcare. I take care of the dogs when my mom is at work.
we own several dogs. my mother works in healthcare. My mother works in healthcare. My mother who works in the healthcare industry said that dogs sometimes come to visit patients at the hospital to calm them down.
we own several dogs. my mother works in healthcare. My mother works in healthcare. I love having lots of dogs.  We can afford it because my mom is a doctor.
i dye my hair. i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. I dye my hair. I am a wallflower but I am not insecure. I have done lots of styling to alter my looks over time -- now I just try and stay consistent with how I feel/resonate internally.
i dye my hair. i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. I dye my hair. I am a wallflower but I am not insecure. I used to dye my hair.  I was really confident about it.
i dye my hair. i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. I dye my hair. I am a wallflower but I am not insecure. I like to try different hairstyles but Im quite confident.
i dye my hair. i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. I dye my hair. I am a wallflower but I am not insecure. Dying my hair gets me all the attention I need.
i dye my hair. i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. I dye my hair. I am a wallflower but I am not insecure. Im trying to talk myself into dying mine an unusual color.
i dye my hair. i am a wallflower but i am not insecure. I dye my hair. I am a wallflower but I am not insecure. I dye mine as well on occasion, but being secure in my status as a wallflower, I only ever make use of unobtrusive natural colors.
i lived in a rural area as a child. i enjoy being around animals. I lived in a rural area as a child. I lived on a farm and had a lot of fun around animals.
i lived in a rural area as a child. i enjoy being around animals. I lived in a rural area as a child. I moved to a rural area last year because I wanted to raise my children around wilderness and animal life, not the city.
i lived in a rural area as a child. i enjoy being around animals. I lived in a rural area as a child. I had a lot of animals on my farm.
i love history. i am a technician. I love history. I am a technician. I studied history in college, but I work as a technician now.
i hate ham. i really enjoy fruit. I hate ham. I hate ham. I actually hate most meat; I prefer vegetables and I really enjoy fruit.
i hate ham. i really enjoy fruit. I hate ham. I dont really care for any type of meat.  I really like fruit though.
i hate ham. i really enjoy fruit. I hate ham. The only thing I like about it is when its cooked with pineapples and I can pick the pieces of fruit out.
i had a rocky childhood. i love salty snacks in front of a large screen. I have a rocky childhood and I love salty snacks in front of a large I spent most of mine at home alone in front of the television.
i had a rocky childhood. i love salty snacks in front of a large screen. I have a rocky childhood and I love salty snacks in front of a large My parents let me do what I wanted.
i had a rocky childhood. i love salty snacks in front of a large screen. I have a rocky childhood and I love salty snacks in front of a large My childhood was spent mostly watching television.
i am an orphan.  i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !. I am an orphan. I like to go to my local pub, they have Despite being an orphan I have become successful and Im able to eat out a lot.
i am an orphan.  i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !. I am an orphan. I like to go to my local pub, they have I grew up in foster care, but didnt eat well growing up. Now Im a foodie - I love pub food.
i am an orphan.  i enjoy eating at my local pub , they have a great menu !. I am an orphan. I like to go to my local pub, they have I had no idea, Im sorry. Id love to hear more about it over lunch, do you have any reccomendations?
i am passionate about a lot of things. i just want my voice to be heard. I am passionate about a lot of things. I want my voice to be heard. One thing I am passionate about is writing.
i am passionate about a lot of things. i just want my voice to be heard. I am passionate about a lot of things. I want my voice to be heard. there are many things I want my opinion on to be heard
i am passionate about a lot of things. i just want my voice to be heard. I am passionate about a lot of things. I want my voice to be heard. I post my views on social media
i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently. i reside living with my father and bro. I have been wanting to stay indoors since I was a child. I used to be a homebody myself, but I now live with my father and brother, so I look forward to getting outside and having some time to myself.
i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently. i reside living with my father and bro. I have been wanting to stay indoors since I was a child. Im not always that happy about staying inside, living with two males.  I reside living with my father and bro.
i have found myself wanting to stay indoors more recently. i reside living with my father and bro. I have been wanting to stay indoors since I was a child. My parents never leave the house.
i have won tap dance competitions. i love to bake cakes. I have won tap dance competitions. I love to bake cakes. Thats exciting! I dont really know how to dance but I can bake. I love to bake cakes.
i take my pet on walks daily. i find moa to be interesting. I take my pet on walks daily. I love walking my dog.  I always run into my friend and we talk about moa.
i take my pet on walks daily. i find moa to be interesting. I take my pet on walks daily. I generally like walking, say, dogs or such through new, unexplored areas as often as I can.
i take my pet on walks daily. i find moa to be interesting. I take my pet on walks daily. I like to go birdwatching with them.
i take my pet on walks daily. i find moa to be interesting. I take my pet on walks daily. We walk past the MOA
i take my pet on walks daily. i find moa to be interesting. I take my pet on walks daily. I have a bird that I actually have to take on walks.
i take my pet on walks daily. i find moa to be interesting. I take my pet on walks daily. I once owned a dog who liked to chase birds.
i love science. i love having pets. I love science. I love having pets. Pets play an important role in my science project so I love having pets.
i love science. i love having pets. I love science. I love having pets. My pets teach me a lot about science.
i love science. i love having pets. I love science. I love having pets. I like using my pets as science experiments.
i love science. i love having pets. I love science. I love having pets. I like studying about animal biology.
i love science. i love having pets. I love science. I love having pets. The science of how my pets age, diet and exercise has been teaching me how to be a better pet owner.
i love science. i love having pets. I love science. I love having pets. I like to study my pets behavior.
i love to go to the cinema. dominoes specializes in what i like best. I like to go to the cinema. After the cinema I like to get pizza.
i love to go to the cinema. dominoes specializes in what i like best. I like to go to the cinema. My weekend routine is to go to the cinema and then get dominoes pizza on the way home.
i love to go to the cinema. dominoes specializes in what i like best. I like to go to the cinema. I used to go see movies when I was younger, but the food is what made it perfect, not just the movie itself.
i enjoy walks on the beach. i love to paint. I love to paint. Sometimes Ill take my art supplies with me to the beach and Ill paint the sunset.  Its a great way for me to combine the beach with one of my favorite activities, because I love to paint.
i like itches. i am hard of hearing. I like itches. I do not understand what you mean?
i like itches. i am hard of hearing. I like itches. Sorry, I thought you said a completely different word. Its difficult for me to understand people sometimes because Im hard of hearing.
i like itches. i am hard of hearing. I like itches. Even though Im going deaf, I can still enjoy tactile things like massages and scratching itches.
i worry about my image. i live in a bad neighborhood. Im not a big fan of my image. I always make the best of where I am, I always enjoy finding local hobbies and groups in the area to meet my neighbors
i worry about my image. i live in a bad neighborhood. Im not a big fan of my image. some people might think I live in an unsafe place
i worry about my image. i live in a bad neighborhood. Im not a big fan of my image. I dont want people to see my house.
i have a dog that has behavioral issues. i love beef. I have a dog that has behavioral issues. I have a dog that gets angry easily when I dont feed him meatloaf or steak when Im cooking a nice family dinner.
i love to travel with my family. my favorite type of music is country. I love to travel with my family. I like to travel to go see bluegrass and country concerts in the summer.
i want people to think i am always happy. i like living by the water. I like to live by the water. I have a great life at the beach.
i want people to think i am always happy. i like living by the water. I like to live by the water. It would be great to actually always be happy and free to come and go as we please though.
i want people to think i am always happy. i like living by the water. I like to live by the water. I used to have to pretend to be happy when I was living away from the water, but now that Im by the ocean, I can be authentically happy.
i want people to think i am always happy. i like living by the water. I like to live by the water. If people think Im happy they respect me.  So I grabbed a house by the beach because the scenery is so positive.
i want people to think i am always happy. i like living by the water. I like to live by the water. I want people to think I am always happy, which is easier because I just moved to a place by the water that I love. I like living by the water much more than my old place.
i want people to think i am always happy. i like living by the water. I like to live by the water. I try to be happy as I live in a wonderful place.
sometimes i just need to unwind. i am employed as a reporter. Im a reporter. Im ready for a break too.  Im always on the go because Im a reporter.
sometimes i just need to unwind. i am employed as a reporter. Im a reporter. Being a reporter is a stressful job and I have to unwind.
sometimes i just need to unwind. i am employed as a reporter. Im a reporter. I spent a lot of time researching a story last week.
i enjoy playing xbox. my mom was in the computer technology field. I like to play xbox. Purchasing a Microsoft-developed console seemed like a natural choice given that my mother previously worked in the computer technology field.
i enjoy playing xbox. my mom was in the computer technology field. I like to play xbox. I like coding games for the xbox.
i enjoy playing xbox. my mom was in the computer technology field. I like to play xbox. We always had video games growing up.  My mom worked in computer technology.
i love winning. coffee is important to me. I love winning. Coffee keeps me alert to help me win.
i love winning. coffee is important to me. I love winning. In order to win, I need to be awake and drink coffee a lot.
i love winning. coffee is important to me. I love winning. I love winning and Im so thrilled because I just came in first in a competition for which the grand prize was a years supply of coffee, which is perfect because coffee is important to me.
i am a typical teenager. i met my soulmate in the pool. I am a typical teenager. When I was a teenager, I met my soulmate in the pool.
i am a typical teenager. i met my soulmate in the pool. I am a typical teenager. I am a typical teenager and I love doing all the typical things: shopping, dating, hanging out at the pool. In fact, I met my soulmate in the pool. Isnt he dreamy?
i am a typical teenager. i met my soulmate in the pool. I am a typical teenager. I guess I am too; I like to text, game, swim...In fact, I met my soulmate in the pool.
i like songs. i like to be surrounded by nature. I like to sing songs. I can recognize bird songs when I take walks.
i like songs. i like to be surrounded by nature. I like to sing songs. I like music that is about nature.
i like songs. i like to be surrounded by nature. I like to sing songs. i like the sounds of nature
sometimes i think i should get out and exercise more. i work 60 hours a week. I work 60 hours a week. I wish I had more time to exercise, because Ive gotten very out of shape. Unfortunately I work 60 hours a week.
sometimes i think i should get out and exercise more. i work 60 hours a week. I work 60 hours a week. It is hard to find the time.
i enjoy making clothing. i enjoy listening to music. I like to make clothing. I like listening to music. I love artsy things.  I love music as well.
i enjoy making clothing. i enjoy listening to music. I like to make clothing. I like listening to music. I prefer something passive, like watching television.
i enjoy making clothing. i enjoy listening to music. I like to make clothing. I like listening to music. I can see you have talent in fashion. I have no skills in that area.
my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango. i have a sensible car. I like to do salsa and tango. I blast salsa music from my car.
my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango. i have a sensible car. I like to do salsa and tango. I drive far to salsa meet ups.
my favorite thing to do is the salsa and tango. i have a sensible car. I like to do salsa and tango. I dont like dancing, but I play a lot of music in my little car.
i go below my means to financially benefit. i am a fan of whisky. I go below my means to financially benefit. I am a fan of whisky. Though, I sometimes indulge in hard drink.
i go below my means to financially benefit. i am a fan of whisky. I go below my means to financially benefit. I am a fan of whisky. That must be hard to do sometimes. I need my little luxuries, like my liquor—especially my whisky, which is a guilty pleasure.
i go below my means to financially benefit. i am a fan of whisky. I go below my means to financially benefit. I am a fan of whisky. I spend a lot of money on alcohol per week.
on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter. i have a race mobile. I have a race mobile. The people in the shelter are into car racing right now.
on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter. i have a race mobile. I have a race mobile. Sometimes Ill take a few homeless people for a quick ride in my car.
on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter. i have a race mobile. I have a race mobile. Thats so nice. I used to volunteer with special needs kids at a summer camp and we made the coolest projects. My favorite is this race mobile we made, which is delightful!
on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter. i have a race mobile. I have a race mobile. Sometimes I put on races for the community on weekends.
on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter. i have a race mobile. I have a race mobile. I am less philanthropic with my time and money.
on the weekends i help out at a homeless shelter. i have a race mobile. I have a race mobile. I entertain people with cars.
buying new items takes up a lot of hours. my favorite artist is a pop singer. I like to buy new items. It sure does. My favorite thing to buy is new music—I adore popular music.
buying new items takes up a lot of hours. my favorite artist is a pop singer. I like to buy new items. I often buy new music CDs.
buying new items takes up a lot of hours. my favorite artist is a pop singer. I like to buy new items. I still buy cds of my favorite singers.
i am attending college to work in a hospital. i do not have any siblings. I am a student at college and I have no siblings. Since Im an only child, my parents push me to go to college so I can be successful and make them proud.
i am attending college to work in a hospital. i do not have any siblings. I am a student at college and I have no siblings. I love being around people, even if they are sick.  I hate being lonely like I was when I was an only child.
i am attending college to work in a hospital. i do not have any siblings. I am a student at college and I have no siblings. My parents were able to help me achieve going to a good college.
my pop passed away. i love to design. I love to design. Im sorry to hear that. My mom encourages me in my passions.
my pop passed away. i love to design. I love to design. I could make him a nice coffin.
my pop passed away. i love to design. I love to design. my own father who had a clothing line passed away as well
i am currently in college. i will turn 21 this year. I am currently in college. I will turn 21 this year. I will soon drink at college parties.
i am currently in college. i will turn 21 this year. I am currently in college. I will turn 21 this year. I am currently in college, which is important to me at this stage of life because I really believe in getting a good head start when it comes to education. I will turn 21 this year, so Im right on schedule.
i am currently in college. i will turn 21 this year. I am currently in college. I will turn 21 this year. My high school folks are also in college so I will turn 21 this year.
i prefer beasts to humans. i am kind of a pet hoarder. I like animals and animals. I dont like people as much as pets either.  I have a lot of pets.
i prefer beasts to humans. i am kind of a pet hoarder. I like animals and animals. I definitely feel the same way.
i prefer beasts to humans. i am kind of a pet hoarder. I like animals and animals. I would like to get my first pet.
i have many animals. i reside in a complex. I have many animals. I reside in a complex. I have a large number of pets.  They all reside with me in a complex.
i have many animals. i reside in a complex. I have many animals. I reside in a complex. I might have to get rid of some of them.
i have many animals. i reside in a complex. I have many animals. I reside in a complex. I have a lot of animals in my apartment.
i have a dog with a lot of hair. my mom is deceased. I have a dog with a lot of hair. My mom used to have a hairy dog.  She is dead now.
i have a dog with a lot of hair. my mom is deceased. I have a dog with a lot of hair. My mom used to have a dog like that.
i have a dog with a lot of hair. my mom is deceased. I have a dog with a lot of hair. My mother also has a dog with lots of hair.
i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting. i want to be an artist. I havent had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting. I want to be The hardest part about becoming an artist is learning to death with rejection and failure and never quitting.
i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting. i want to be an artist. I havent had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting. I want to be I have not had any luck as a musician and am rethinking my career choices.
i have not had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting. i want to be an artist. I havent had any luck with acceptance and considered quitting. I want to be It is hard to get into your dream job and I have difficulty getting accepted into mine.
i love living close to the water. people call me a ginger. I love to live close to the water. I dont go near or in the water for long.  Too much sun is bad with my complexion, and with my pale skin and red hair, people call me a ginger.
i love living close to the water. people call me a ginger. I love to live close to the water. my skin is so dark because of the sun
i love living close to the water. people call me a ginger. I love to live close to the water. My family lives close to the water and they call me a ginger.
i love going shopping at nice stores. girls call my phone all day long. I like to go shopping at nice stores. Thats what I hear from all them, as the girls call my phone all day long.
i love going shopping at nice stores. girls call my phone all day long. I like to go shopping at nice stores. I cant get away to shop.  My girls call my phone all day.
i love going shopping at nice stores. girls call my phone all day long. I like to go shopping at nice stores. I love shopping with girls.
i have 2 cats and a dog. i hate running. I have 2 cats and a dog. I hate running. I have one dog which I take out for a run every morning.
i have 2 cats and a dog. i hate running. I have 2 cats and a dog. I hate running. Having a pet can force one to get out there and walk.
i make up stories about celebrities to get attention. i ride around selling books. I make up stories about celebrities to get attention. I ride around selling books. You should write a book. I sell books, myself.
i make up stories about celebrities to get attention. i ride around selling books. I make up stories about celebrities to get attention. I ride around selling books. I make novels for money.
i make up stories about celebrities to get attention. i ride around selling books. I make up stories about celebrities to get attention. I ride around selling books. When I’m riding around selling books I run into a lot of people who are selling made up stories about celebrities.
i am happy a lot of the time.  lina , my greyhound , is a source of constant affection. I am happy a lot of the time. Most of the times I’m happy because of the constant affection from my dog Lena.
i am happy a lot of the time.  lina , my greyhound , is a source of constant affection. I am happy a lot of the time. I am happiest when I am hanging out with my dog.
i am happy a lot of the time.  lina , my greyhound , is a source of constant affection. I am happy a lot of the time. having pets helps in making me happy
i love walking in the park. i love chocolate. I love walking in the park. I need to exercise more in order to lose weight because I love eating snacks too much.
i love walking in the park. i love chocolate. I love walking in the park. Park is a good place for picnic. And for the picnic dessert I love chocolate.
i dropped out of school. i learned to play the piano as a child. I was a piano teacher. School isnt everything.  Im sure you have other talents.  Im not book smart, but Im a wizard at the piano.
i dropped out of school. i learned to play the piano as a child. I was a piano teacher. I decided to be a musician.
i dropped out of school. i learned to play the piano as a child. I was a piano teacher. I found most of what we had to learn so boring. Music was my real interest.
i do not like my schooling. i earn a lot of money. I dont like my schooling. I earn a lot of money. I dropped out of school to get a high paying job I was offered.
i do not like my schooling. i earn a lot of money. I dont like my schooling. I earn a lot of money. I did a lot of schooling to get a degree that got me high paying jobs.
i do not like my schooling. i earn a lot of money. I dont like my schooling. I earn a lot of money. I did not finish my degree in school before starting my own company.
i am a journalist. i love bright clothing. I am a journalist. I love bright clothing. I love showing off my bright outfits when I am doing my reporting on tv.
i am a journalist. i love bright clothing. I am a journalist. I love bright clothing. I like to write sometimes.  I was the fashion journalist for my college paper.
i am a journalist. i love bright clothing. I am a journalist. I love bright clothing. Do you write about stuff you like or such?
i work as a english teacher. my ultimate dream I work as a teacher. I would like to teach.
i love to swim. my favorite singer is britney spears. I love to swim. I love to swim. Swimming is a good physical exercise.  I like to go running while listening to my favorite songs and my favorite singer is Britney Spear.
i love to swim. my favorite singer is britney spears. I love to swim. I love to swim. The lifeguard at my local pool looks just like Britney Spears. Shes my favorite.
i love to swim. my favorite singer is britney spears. I love to swim. I love to swim. I like to listen to music when I swim.
i beat a school contest. i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank. I have a fish tank. i am very good at coming up with ideas for contests
i beat a school contest. i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank. I have a fish tank. Beside contest, I like sharing - I share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank.
i beat a school contest. i share my thoughts online about owning a fish tank. I have a fish tank. Many people wanted to know my opinions on things.
i am a personal chef. i would like to open a restaurant someday. I am a personal chef and I would like to open a restaurant someday. Thats great, where are you hoping  to go with your career as a chef?
i am a personal chef. i would like to open a restaurant someday. I am a personal chef and I would like to open a restaurant someday. I find enjoyment in cooking and would love to do it forever.
i am a personal chef. i would like to open a restaurant someday. I am a personal chef and I would like to open a restaurant someday. Good chef is the key to a successful restaurant. I like to work in the restaurant as I would like to open a restaurant someday.
i like vehicles. i like the shade of emerald. I like vehicles. I painted my vehicle green in the shade of emerald.
i like vehicles. i like the shade of emerald. I like vehicles. I am thinking of getting a new car.  I want something in an emerald color.
i like vehicles. i like the shade of emerald. I like vehicles. the car I have right now is red.
i am good with numbers. i go with my puppy everywhere. I have a puppy. I am definitely not.  I am good with animals.
i am good with numbers. i go with my puppy everywhere. I have a puppy. I was never good in school.  Im good with animals though, especially by puppy that I take everywhere.
i am good with numbers. i go with my puppy everywhere. I have a puppy. I hear dogs can count in their heads.
i love the heat and pool time. i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle. I love the heat and pool time. I like looking at caterpillars in the last stage I see caterpillars around the hotel by the pool.
i love the heat and pool time. i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle. I love the heat and pool time. I like looking at caterpillars in the last stage There are caterpillars crawling by the pool on this hot day.
i love the heat and pool time. i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle. I love the heat and pool time. I like looking at caterpillars in the last stage Often when Im lounging by the pool in the summer heat I find caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle exploring nearby.
i love the heat and pool time. i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle. I love the heat and pool time. I like looking at caterpillars in the last stage Last week I spent the afternoon at the pool next to my friends garden.  It was great as the caterpillars were everywhere and fun to watch while relaxing.
i love the heat and pool time. i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle. I love the heat and pool time. I like looking at caterpillars in the last stage Living in South Florida allows you to enjoy the sun next to a pool while also taking in the beauty of nature like watching animals in various stages of their lives.
i love the heat and pool time. i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle. I love the heat and pool time. I like looking at caterpillars in the last stage When I am not swimming I am out exploring nature.
i love the heat and pool time. i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle. I love the heat and pool time. I like looking at caterpillars in the last stage The summer is my favorite time of year.  I like to see the caterpillars grow.
i love the heat and pool time. i enjoy looking at caterpillars in the last stage of their life cycle. I love the heat and pool time. I like looking at caterpillars in the last stage Caterpillars hatch from their cocoons during the summer days when its hot and people are going swimming, so thats my favorite season to watch caterpillars.
i attempt to maintain a healthy diet. i like to drive a lot. I like to drive a lot. I used to take healthy Meals on Wheels around to the seniors in my town.
i attempt to maintain a healthy diet. i like to drive a lot. I like to drive a lot. I eat nuts while I drive.
i attempt to maintain a healthy diet. i like to drive a lot. I like to drive a lot. I like to eat healthy, but Im on the road a lot so I eat a lot of junk.
i do not have any children. i do not have a car. I dont have any children. I dont have a car. I only have to worry about transporting myself.
i do not have any children. i do not have a car. I dont have any children. I dont have a car. I do not have a car seat.
i do not have any children. i do not have a car. I dont have any children. I dont have a car. I don’t have kids either, or a car.
i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday. i need to compete with other girls. I like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday. I need to compete with I need daily routine to make improvement as I need to compete with other girls.
i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday. i need to compete with other girls. I like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday. I need to compete with I am more about being the best, whatever the activity is.
i like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday. i need to compete with other girls. I like to keep a routine and do the same thing everyday. I need to compete with I always put on makeup at the same time.
my ride is dark. i look for people with my same interest. I like to ride dark. I ride only with friends.
my ride is dark. i look for people with my same interest. I like to ride dark. I like painting cars
my ride is dark. i look for people with my same interest. I like to ride dark. I like to rebuild cars.
i like meat. i listen to rap. I like meat. I listen to rap. me too, i especially enjoy eating it while listening to rap music.
i like meat. i listen to rap. I like meat. I listen to rap. I like to listen to certain types of music when I grill meats.
i like meat. i listen to rap. I like meat. I listen to rap. I eat burgers when i listen to music.
i have tons of relatives. i like hot weather. I have a lot of relatives. Most of my relatives live in Texas. Its pretty hot there.
i have tons of relatives. i like hot weather. I have a lot of relatives. We all live in Florida.
i have tons of relatives. i like hot weather. I have a lot of relatives. I have tons of relatives all over the country. My favorite ones to visit are the ones who live in Florida because I like hot weather.
i take martial arts after school. my next job will be in the federal court. Im a martial arts teacher. do you now? thats similar to my next job in the federal court in a way.
i take martial arts after school. my next job will be in the federal court. Im a martial arts teacher. I need to learn to defend myself.  My next job will probably be in the federal court.
i am a foodie. i like to go shopping with my daughters. I like to go shopping with my daughters. I love shopping for fresh grocery
i like going to concerts. i do not go a full week of employment without a break. I like to go to concerts. I can only go to concerts when I have a break from work, though.
i like going to concerts. i do not go a full week of employment without a break. I like to go to concerts. I like going to concerts which means i normally have to take a break during a workweek.
i like going to concerts. i do not go a full week of employment without a break. I like to go to concerts. I attend concerts when I get a break.
i swallow a lot of brews. i dig huge guys. I swallow a lot of brews. I am sure you like large coffees too, right?
i swallow a lot of brews. i dig huge guys. I swallow a lot of brews. i like going to bars to have beer
i swallow a lot of brews. i dig huge guys. I swallow a lot of brews. Ive found the hugest guys at the bar, because the more brew guys drink the bigger their bodies get.
i work with automobiles. i can watch tv for hours. I work with automobiles. I can watch tv for hours. The automobiles channel is amazing and I can watch tv for hours.
i work with automobiles. i can watch tv for hours. I work with automobiles. I can watch tv for hours. I love watching top gear.
i work with automobiles. i can watch tv for hours. I work with automobiles. I can watch tv for hours. I dont know how to work on cars.  Id rather watch television.
i love cuddling with my babies. the dr said no sitting up for me. I love cuddling with my babies. I am currently on bed rest from an injury.
i love cuddling with my babies. the dr said no sitting up for me. I love cuddling with my babies. we cuddle in the reclining chair usually
i love cuddling with my babies. the dr said no sitting up for me. I love cuddling with my babies. I wish I could still do that with my children, but after my back injury, I have had to listen to my physician and really change my ways.
i call the ghetto home. my mother has a terrible illness. I call the ghetto home. I call the ghetto my home and so does my whole family. Its tough these days, though, because my mom has a terrible illness right now.
i call the ghetto home. my mother has a terrible illness. I call the ghetto home. My mother is terribly ill at her home in the ghetto.
i call the ghetto home. my mother has a terrible illness. I call the ghetto home. Ghetto living can be difficult. Poverty has certain worn down my mothers resolve, and is probably why shes so sick.
 i have a family , i love my 3 children. in summer i live at the ballpark. I have a family, I love my 3 children. i love playing baseball with my son
 i have a family , i love my 3 children. in summer i live at the ballpark. I have a family, I love my 3 children. I have two kids.  They both play baseball and we are at the ballpark all summer.
 i have a family , i love my 3 children. in summer i live at the ballpark. I have a family, I love my 3 children. I play baseball with them.
i eat dominos every day. education is important to me. I eat dominos every day. I dont have time to cook since Im always studying.
i eat dominos every day. education is important to me. I eat dominos every day. I eat dominos every day as I study.
i eat dominos every day. education is important to me. I eat dominos every day. Studies have shown that the less educated people are, the worse their diets are, and I want to eat healthier.
i love huge paintings. i like collecting rocks. I like to collect rocks. My mother likes to paint, but I like to collect rocks instead.
i love huge paintings. i like collecting rocks. I like to collect rocks. have you seen any with rocks as the subject? i like to collect them
when i was a child i began avoiding meat. i broke three beakers today. I was a child and I started eating meat. I broke three beakers today. I became a scientist to learn what was in meat.
when i was a child i began avoiding meat. i broke three beakers today. I was a child and I started eating meat. I broke three beakers today. A healthy diet is scientific.  I was in the lab and broke three beakers.
when i was a child i began avoiding meat. i broke three beakers today. I was a child and I started eating meat. I broke three beakers today. I became vegetarian because of my science work, in which I make analysis with burning.
i am a lover of italian food. my father has a very prestigious job. I love italian food. My father is the local butcher
my spouse hates us. i enjoy snow. I like snow. Ive been asking my husband to go to the snow, but he refuses.
my spouse hates us. i enjoy snow. I like snow. My favorite memory of snow was throwing a snowball at a person who I really hated.
my spouse hates us. i enjoy snow. I like snow. Well they dont have to know all of our little secrets or potential outings.
i am lactose intolerant. i am a fantastic person in the kitchen. I am a lactose intolerant person. If you ever want help with developing lactose-free recipes, I happen to be fantastic in the kitchen.
i am lactose intolerant. i am a fantastic person in the kitchen. I am a lactose intolerant person. I can cook without using any dairy products.
i am lactose intolerant. i am a fantastic person in the kitchen. I am a lactose intolerant person. I dont put milk in any dishes.
i enjoy making things. i just adopted a pet. I like to make things. I just adopted a pet. I just made a new dog bed.  I adopted a dog last week.
i enjoy making things. i just adopted a pet. I like to make things. I just adopted a pet. i am making a sweater for my dog.
i enjoy making things. i just adopted a pet. I like to make things. I just adopted a pet. Im going to make my pet a bed to sleep in.
i enjoy making things. i just adopted a pet. I like to make things. I just adopted a pet. Im going to make my new adopted pet a sweater for cold weather.
i enjoy making things. i just adopted a pet. I like to make things. I just adopted a pet. Maybe I need a hobby like that, although I am pretty busy right now, as I just adopted a pet.
i enjoy making things. i just adopted a pet. I like to make things. I just adopted a pet. I like making dog leashes.
i want to be an actress. i studied at school during my childhood. I want to be an actress. I studied acting when I was a child in school.
i want to be an actress. i studied at school during my childhood. I want to be an actress. I studied theater because I also wanted to be an actor, but I couldnt find work.
i want to be an actress. i studied at school during my childhood. I want to be an actress. I have acted since I was young.
i love to vacation in paris. i like to go to the opera. I like to go to the opera. I like to go to the opera a lot, especially when I’m on vacation somewhere.
i love to vacation in paris. i like to go to the opera. I like to go to the opera. Id like to go to Paris because there is wonderful music there. I like to go to the opera.
i love to vacation in paris. i like to go to the opera. I like to go to the opera. I would also love to go to Paris to see the Eiffel Tower, then to England to visit the Royal Opera House.  I would like to see the opera.
i read about 3 books a week. i enjoy things that live in nature. I read about 3 books a week. I like reading books about the environment.
i read about 3 books a week. i enjoy things that live in nature. I read about 3 books a week. Thats impressive, I usually only read one a month. Personally, I enjoy going for hikes more.
i read about 3 books a week. i enjoy things that live in nature. I read about 3 books a week. I like to read in my free time and explore living things in nature.
i read about 3 books a week. i enjoy things that live in nature. I read about 3 books a week. I read about 3 books a week, mostly about wildlife and stuff. I have always had an endless fascination with the natural world, ever since I was a kid. To this day, more than anything else, I enjoy things that live in nature.
i read about 3 books a week. i enjoy things that live in nature. I read about 3 books a week. I like to go for walks to relax.
i read about 3 books a week. i enjoy things that live in nature. I read about 3 books a week. I perfer doing outdoor activities.
i have adopted two pets. my kids are basically adults. I have adopted two pets. My kids always wanted pets when they were growing up and I never let them, so now that theyre adults living on their own, theyve each bought a pet.
i have adopted two pets. my kids are basically adults. I have adopted two pets. I have adopted two children.
i have adopted two pets. my kids are basically adults. I have adopted two pets. Its nice to have someone in the house for a change.
i cook my own meals. i like to watch tv. I like to watch TV. I watch tv while I am cooking.
i cook my own meals. i like to watch tv. I like to watch TV. I always eat a meal when I watch TV.
i cook my own meals. i like to watch tv. I like to watch TV. I eat my own cooked meals while watching tv.
i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same. you can see me in the background in some movies. I have siblings who are same age and look teh same. My sister and I were in a movie once.  You can see me as a background actor.
i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same. you can see me in the background in some movies. I have siblings who are same age and look teh same. we used to walk onto movie sets.
i have siblings who are the same age and look teh same. you can see me in the background in some movies. I have siblings who are same age and look teh same. My siblings and I are actors.
i love to read books. i am a deaf man. I love to read books. I am a deaf man. I love to read books since I am deaf,
i study art. i love to receive bouquets. I love to receive bouquets. I studied floral arrangement.
i study art. i love to receive bouquets. I love to receive bouquets. I like anything with art, especially flowers.  I love getting bouquets.
i study art. i love to receive bouquets. I love to receive bouquets. Art is pretty, but the prettiest things I like are the bouquets I like to receive.
i work out to look good. i work in marketing I work out to look good. My job requires keeping up with appearances
i exercise often. i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket. I like to exercise often, but I like watching sea creatures suffocate in my It gives me almost as big of a rush as animal torture.
i exercise often. i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket. I like to exercise often, but I like watching sea creatures suffocate in my I work out by netting fish.
i exercise often. i enjoy ensnaring sea creatures and watching them suffocate in my bucket. I like to exercise often, but I like watching sea creatures suffocate in my I like to fish for exercise.  I catch sea creatures and watch them suffocate in my bucket.
i like people of the same sex and gender as me. i enjoy fixing my brew. I like to be a woman of the same sex and gender as me. I like drinking with my boys instead of going on dates.
i like people of the same sex and gender as me. i enjoy fixing my brew. I like to be a woman of the same sex and gender as me. I take them out to bars.
i like people of the same sex and gender as me. i enjoy fixing my brew. I like to be a woman of the same sex and gender as me. I dont really care about gender, as long as theyll join me in a cup of coffee.
i am in an army family. bugs without 8 legs are fine. I am in an army family. Our family always squashes bugs without hesitation.
i am in an army family. bugs without 8 legs are fine. I am in an army family. Youve probably seen some ghastly things. I could never handle it, I cant even handle bugs mostly.
i am in an army family. bugs without 8 legs are fine. I am in an army family. When I am home, I like to clean the bugs out of the garage.
i am in an army family. bugs without 8 legs are fine. I am in an army family. Ive heard from soldiers returning from deployments in Iraq there are a lot of strange bugs over there.
i am in an army family. bugs without 8 legs are fine. I am in an army family. I am in an army family and were all tough as nails. The only things that scares me are bugs. Well, not all bugs, just spiders really. But bugs without eight legs are fine.
i am in an army family. bugs without 8 legs are fine. I am in an army family. I grew up near a base in Florida. I left because of all the spiders.
i enjoyed reading as a young girl. winter is my favorite season. I enjoyed reading as a young girl. Id read a book on a cold winter day.
i enjoyed reading as a young girl. winter is my favorite season. I enjoyed reading as a young girl. I used to get books from my parents at Christmas.
i enjoyed reading as a young girl. winter is my favorite season. I enjoyed reading as a young girl. my favorite book as a child was The Long Winter
i go fishing on the weekends to relax. i love hiking and staying fit. I like to go fishing on the weekends to relax. I love many things outdoors to stay active.
i go fishing on the weekends to relax. i love hiking and staying fit. I like to go fishing on the weekends to relax. Fishing sounds like a nice time! i love hiking and staying fit.
i studied clothing designs but never used it. i never had a job and i never will. I never had a job and I never will. My major has been useless in getting me a job.
i studied clothing designs but never used it. i never had a job and i never will. I never had a job and I never will. My parents are rich so I stopped trying to learn anything
i studied clothing designs but never used it. i never had a job and i never will. I never had a job and I never will. I studied art history, then married into wealth. Ive never had a job and dont plan to.
i have a couple kids. my mom ad dad worked in a school. I have a couple kids. I dont have kids. The way my mother and father talked about kids bad behavior put me off ever having my own. They were teachers.
i have a couple kids. my mom ad dad worked in a school. I have a couple kids. My parents always loved kids.  Thats why they worked in the school.
i have a couple kids. my mom ad dad worked in a school. I have a couple kids. I followed in my parents footsteps and I am a teacher.
i dream about moving abroad someday. i do not do well in school. I dream about moving abroad someday. I do not do well in school. I still have to finish school.
i dream about moving abroad someday. i do not do well in school. I dream about moving abroad someday. I do not do well in school. I would love to study abroad in Spain. My grades have been really good this semester so I think I am going to apply.
i dream about moving abroad someday. i do not do well in school. I dream about moving abroad someday. I do not do well in school. Id love to drop out of school and move abroad.
my career involves working to better the earth. i want to live with someone. I want to live with someone. My roommate and I try to recycle as best we can.
my career involves working to better the earth. i want to live with someone. I want to live with someone. I like my career but get lonely living alone. Id like to improve my personal life.
my career involves working to better the earth. i want to live with someone. I want to live with someone. does your girlfriend have a similar job?
i like to spend time in the kitchen. my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school. I like to spend time in the kitchen. I spend a lot of time in the bathroom.  My friends say I spend too much time putting on makeup before school.
i like to spend time in the kitchen. my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school. I like to spend time in the kitchen. The kitchen is where I put on my makeup.
i like to spend time in the kitchen. my friends say i take too long to put on my makeup before school. I like to spend time in the kitchen. I do makeup in the kitchen.
i have made 2 trips overseas. my relative knows how to go fishing. I have made 2 trips overseas. I have gone overseas once.  It was a fishing trip with my uncle.
i have made 2 trips overseas. my relative knows how to go fishing. I have made 2 trips overseas. When I am overseas I see my relatives.
i have made 2 trips overseas. my relative knows how to go fishing. I have made 2 trips overseas. Ive never been overseas, but I love visiting the sea. I like going out on my relatives boat and fishing.
i have made 2 trips overseas. my relative knows how to go fishing. I have made 2 trips overseas. I went overseas to visit my cousin who spearfishes.
i have made 2 trips overseas. my relative knows how to go fishing. I have made 2 trips overseas. I travel to find fish.
i have made 2 trips overseas. my relative knows how to go fishing. I have made 2 trips overseas. Thats cool, I went to a small island off of Korea and went fishing with my wifes family. It was a lot of fun, I learned a lot about fishing.
i am finally done with school. i do not eat a lot of carbs. I am finally done with school. I dont eat a lot of carbs I will miss school breakfast.
i am finally done with school. i do not eat a lot of carbs. I am finally done with school. I dont eat a lot of carbs School is stressful.  Im glad Im not under stress.  Im able to stay away from carbs.
i am finally done with school. i do not eat a lot of carbs. I am finally done with school. I dont eat a lot of carbs I used to eat a ton when I was in school, but now that Im working a job I have to watch what I eat.
i like to set things up. last month i got involved with doing all things creative. I like to set things up. I got involved with all things creative. Im setting this years homecoming float up.
i like to set things up. last month i got involved with doing all things creative. I like to set things up. I got involved with all things creative. My creative process is a lot of planning and setting things up before I actually execute anything.
i like to set things up. last month i got involved with doing all things creative. I like to set things up. I got involved with all things creative. Oh, thats an interesting to follow directions and set things up, would you have interest in doing your own creative version of furniture?
i like veggies. i only have a single kid. I like veggies. I have a single kid. Kids hating their veggies is the stereotype, right?
i like veggies. i only have a single kid. I like veggies. I have a single kid. My kid does not like veggies.
i like veggies. i only have a single kid. I like veggies. I have a single kid. I love vegetables because they are good for me.  I want to stay healthy because Im the only family my child has.
i like veggies. i only have a single kid. I like veggies. I have a single kid. I never ate veggies when I was a kid.  Im glad that I only have one kid to fight with.
i like veggies. i only have a single kid. I like veggies. I have a single kid. I am raising my children to be vegetarians.
i like veggies. i only have a single kid. I like veggies. I have a single kid. Well, Im glad someone does.  I cant get my child to eat vegetables, but at least I only have a single kid.
i am practically a chef !. i really pound out notes on the keyboard. I am practically a chef! I like to play the keyboard when I am not at work as a chef.
i am practically a chef !. i really pound out notes on the keyboard. I am practically a chef! I love cooking for family gatherings.  After dinner I usually entertain people on the keyboard.
i am practically a chef !. i really pound out notes on the keyboard. I am practically a chef! When I am not cooking I like playing music
i work as a doctor. i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt. I work as a doctor and I have accumulated some debt. Maybe you can offer me some insider advice, as I recently was discharged from the hospital and am struggling with the ensuing debt.
i work as a doctor. i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt. I work as a doctor and I have accumulated some debt. Its hard being a patient in the US.
i work as a doctor. i just got out of the hospital so i have accumulated some debt. I work as a doctor and I have accumulated some debt. I knew I needed surgery when I fell.
i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain. my parents have high powered jobs. I like watching the villain win over the villain. My parents are lawyers that help the oppressed.
i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain. my parents have high powered jobs. I like watching the villain win over the villain. My parents always reminded me of those types of movies, though I couldnt decide which one they were.
i enjoy watching the hero win over the villain. my parents have high powered jobs. I like watching the villain win over the villain. I love when the villains are coporate executives.
i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university. i used to live in upstate new york. I am a student of ela and I am a student of university. I was attending university in upstate new york, but it got too expensive and I had to move somewhere cheaper.
i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university. i used to live in upstate new york. I am a student of ela and I am a student of university. I left upstate new york to teach at a university.
i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university. i used to live in upstate new york. I am a student of ela and I am a student of university. I would love to move back home to fulfill my dream.
i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university. i used to live in upstate new york. I am a student of ela and I am a student of university. I want to teach at a university in California.
i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university. i used to live in upstate new york. I am a student of ela and I am a student of university. I had to move away from upstate new york for a university job in the bronx.
i am chasing my dream to teach ela at university. i used to live in upstate new york. I am a student of ela and I am a student of university. I love teaching at the university.  Im glad I moved to come here.
i like tv and running outside. i spend time at the pool. I like to watch TV and run outside. When I run outside, it is to get to water.
i like tv and running outside. i spend time at the pool. I like to watch TV and run outside. I love the outdoors.  One of my favorite things to do is swim.
i like tv and running outside. i spend time at the pool. I like to watch TV and run outside. I like outside things too.  Particularly I spend time at the pool.
i love cats and their babies. i am in the arm forces. I love cats and their babies. I am in the arm forces. I take my cats with me while I travel the world in the armed forces.
i love cats and their babies. i am in the arm forces. I love cats and their babies. I am in the arm forces. I was so sad when I was deployed and had to leave my cat behind.
i love cats and their babies. i am in the arm forces. I love cats and their babies. I am in the arm forces. My army group once found abandoned kittens in enemy territory and brought them home with us.
i love cats and their babies. i am in the arm forces. I love cats and their babies. I am in the arm forces. We adopted a cat while in the army.
i love cats and their babies. i am in the arm forces. I love cats and their babies. I am in the arm forces. I got to go visit a cool zoo overseas.  Im in the armed forces.
i love cats and their babies. i am in the arm forces. I love cats and their babies. I am in the arm forces. I had to give away my pets.
my dad works in the automotive industry. i dream of playing music for a living. My dad works in the automotive industry. I am more of an artist
my dad works in the automotive industry. i dream of playing music for a living. My dad works in the automotive industry. I just graduate college.
my dad works in the automotive industry. i dream of playing music for a living. My dad works in the automotive industry. My father is a music teacher, its why I want to play music for a living
i am studying a new language in school. my group is going to go overseas. I am studying a new language in school. I just learned a new language, which is good because Im planning on going overseas.
i am studying a new language in school. my group is going to go overseas. I am studying a new language in school. Yes, I am practicing a language too.  I am in a high school French class, and my group is going overseas.
i am studying a new language in school. my group is going to go overseas. I am studying a new language in school. I like going to language exchanges in different countries.
i like books. i am studying biology. I like books. I am studying biology. I read science books.
i like books. i am studying biology. I like books. I am studying biology. I like books too, but some books can be tough to read.  For instance, now I am studying biology.
i like books. i am studying biology. I like books. I am studying biology. I used to read a lot of books when I was a student.
i love those sleek italian cars. i am in good shape. I love the sleek italian cars. I wish I was as sleek as those cars.
i love those sleek italian cars. i am in good shape. I love the sleek italian cars. I got into shape by running and bicycling to work instead of driving in my car.
i love those sleek italian cars. i am in good shape. I love the sleek italian cars. A lot of athletes have that type of car.  Im in pretty good shape myself.
i go to exercise classes. i am employed a traditional number of hours. I have a lot of time to exercise. I teach exercise classes to adults.
i go to exercise classes. i am employed a traditional number of hours. I have a lot of time to exercise. I really value my exercise classes, but its so hard to find one that offers flexibility around my full-time job.
i go to exercise classes. i am employed a traditional number of hours. I have a lot of time to exercise. i work as a freelance fitness trainer
my sister belongs to a cult and has not spoken to the family in years. my father was a member of the communist party. My father was a member of the communist party. I think a lot of political groups could be considered cults.
my twins help me with everything and a place to stay. some would compare me to fine wine. My twins help me with everything and my place to stay. My twins help me with everything, including a place to stay. It has me aging like fine wine.
my twins help me with everything and a place to stay. some would compare me to fine wine. My twins help me with everything and my place to stay. Ive gotten a bit carless in my old age.
my twins help me with everything and a place to stay. some would compare me to fine wine. My twins help me with everything and my place to stay. Its nice to have the tables turn where your children take care of you now.
i am planning to move to a new state soon. i enjoy hiking. I am planning to move to a new state soon. I am planning to move to a new state soon and Im excited because Ill be moving near the Rocky Mountains which is perfect for me because I enjoy hiking.
i like to take care of pets. my mane is not a natural color. I like to take care of pets. I like taking care of pets, especially horses. They have such beautiful manes, but my hair (which I call my mane) is not as beautiful cause its not a natural color.
i like to take care of pets. my mane is not a natural color. I like to take care of pets. I like to dye my mane because I work at a salon for pets, and were always cutting, dying and braiding animals hair.
i like to take care of pets. my mane is not a natural color. I like to take care of pets. I just love the color of animal fur.  I loved it so much I dyed my hair the same color.
but i am a frustrated driver. i am a mother of 2 daughters. I am a mother of 2 daughters. I am often frustrated in the car when my children are rowdy.
but i am a frustrated driver. i am a mother of 2 daughters. I am a mother of 2 daughters. If you think driving is bad now, imaging being a mother of two daughters.
me and them hang out and spectate sports. i want to create cartoons for a major studio. I like to create cartoons for a major studio. When Im not with friends I am pursuing my life goals.
me and them hang out and spectate sports. i want to create cartoons for a major studio. I like to create cartoons for a major studio. i like doing something more creative.
me and them hang out and spectate sports. i want to create cartoons for a major studio. I like to create cartoons for a major studio. I like to read comics about sports.
traveling and making friends is something i find delightful. i like going to rock concerts. I like to go to concerts. Me too! What do you like to do with your friends
i want to write a book before i die. i teach middle school art. I want to write a book before I die. I teach middle school art. What type of book do you want to write? Anything related to your occupation?
i want to write a book before i die. i teach middle school art. I want to write a book before I die. I teach middle school art. Maybe I can illustrate your book for you. I teach middle school art.
i want to write a book before i die. i teach middle school art. I want to write a book before I die. I teach middle school art. I love spaghetti.
